# Import Models From Call of Duty Games

*Exporting models:*
- First export your model with Wraith, which can be found [here](http://aviacreations.com/modme/forum/topic.php?tid=69). (Tutorial for Wraith can be found [here](Wraith))

*Creating XMODEL_EXPORT through Maya:*
- Open the newly created `.MA` file in Maya, and if needed apply the bindfile (`.mel`) generated by Wraith.
- Using CODMayaPlugin, export your scene.
- CODMayaPlugin can be downloaded [[here|http://aviacreations.com/modme/forum/topic.php?tid=87]].
- Select your meshes and joints, and go to `Select > Select Hierarchy`.
- Go to `Call of Duty Tools > Export XModel`.
- Select where to export, and what to name your export by pressing the `...`, and press `Export Selected`.
- This will create an `.XMODEL_EXPORT` file, you're now done in Maya.

*Converting models:*
- Download Kronos, which can be found [here](http://aviacreations.com/modme/forum/topic.php?tid=179).
- Black Ops III uses `XMODEL_BIN` compared to previous installations, where `XMODEL_EXPORT` was used, so it'll need to be converted.
- Drag and drop your `XMODEL_EXPORT` onto the `MODELS` tab to create an `XMODEL_BIN`:

{F33}

- Copy your newly created `XMODEL_BIN` into `BO3root\model_export`.

*Importing model into APE:*
- Open APE (Asset Property Editor).
- Go to `File > New GDT` and give an appropriate name.
- Right click the newly created GDT and select `New Asset`.
- Give the appropriate name, and select `xmodel` as asset type.

{F35}

- Under the entry properties for your newly created asset, find `LODs` and under LOD0 press `...`.
- Locate your `XMODEL_BIN` to set the file path. For example: `modme_tutorial\t6_wpn_zmb_raygun2_upg_view_LOD0.XMODEL_BIN`.
- In the preview window your model will appear with a blue and green texture, this `means it's missing a texture`.
- You'll need to create Materials, which is covered [here (coming soon)](#).

*Easily create materials for your model:*
- While viewing your xmodel entry, you can easily create the missing materials by pressing `New Image`:

{F39}

- And that's it! If you've done everything correctly, your model should appear with proper textures, just like this one!

{F41}

---

_Contributors:_
- Exofile
- DTZxPorter
