# zero gravity?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Ahmed02354<br />How do I make a zero gravity thing like Der Eisendrache?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: soul-toktzt<br /><blockquote><em>Ahmed02354</em><br />How do I make a zero gravity thing like Der Eisendrache?</blockquote><br /> <br />Let&#39;s change this up a bit from now on;)<br /> <br />I do know how to change the gravity (not when you are in a certain area tho, not yet).<br />But try to make it on your own, post the script that you made and i / someone will edit it. ;)<br /> <br />(       Use &quot;player SetPlayerGravity(100);&quot;<br />Normal gravity is 800, if you go higher, you&#39;ll have higher gravity, if you go lower, you&#39;ll have lower gravity. But don&#39;t put it at 0, i couldn&#39;t jump then xD)<br /> <br />You think you can do it? :p</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Ahmed02354<br /><blockquote><em>soul-toktzt</em><br />Ahmed02354 How do I make a zero gravity thing like Der Eisendrache?   Let&#39;s change this up a bit from now on;)   I do know how to change the gravity (not when you are in a certain area tho, not yet). But try to make it on your own, post the script that you made and i / someone will edit it. ;)   (       Use &quot;player SetPlayerGravity(100);&quot; Normal gravity is 800, if you go higher, you&#39;ll have higher gravity, if you go lower, you&#39;ll have lower gravity. But don&#39;t put it at 0, i couldn&#39;t jump then xD)   You think you can do it? :p</blockquote><br /> <br />I think I can&#39;t because i&#39;ve never done scripting in my life, Even if I look into my script folder I dont know what all that means, Even the tutorial on how to script I dont get,<br />See english is my third language so I dont understand everything whats up there, and scripting is a whole other language LOL</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: soul-toktzt<br /><blockquote><em>Ahmed02354</em><br />soul-toktzt Ahmed02354 How do I make a zero gravity thing like Der Eisendrache?   Let&#39;s change this up a bit from now on;)   I do know how to change the gravity (not when you are in a certain area tho, not yet). But try to make it on your own, post the script that you made and i / someone will edit it. ;)   (       Use &quot;player SetPlayerGravity(100);&quot; Normal gravity is 800, if you go higher, you&#39;ll have higher gravity, if you go lower, you&#39;ll have lower gravity. But don&#39;t put it at 0, i couldn&#39;t jump then xD)   You think you can do it? :p   I think I can&#39;t because i&#39;ve never done scripting in my life, Even if I look into my script folder I dont know what all that means, Even the tutorial on how to script I dont get, See english is my third language so I dont understand everything whats up there, and scripting is a whole other language LOL</blockquote><br /> This is to change the gravity with a trigger, but i don&#39;t know how to have it only in a certain zone, trying to figure it out.<br />Add this to the GSC.<br />{% highlight php %}
function changegravity()                                           // function [name] ()
{
trigster = GetEnt("change_it", "targetname");            //add a trigger, in script it&#39;s called trigster with this function, in Radiant, add a trigger_use called "change_it"
trigster SetHintString("ON");                                  //this is to make the message "ON" appear while you&#39;re at the trigger
trigster waittill("trigger", player);                          //the next lines only activate when you activate the trigger
player SetPlayerGravity(100);                           //set the player gravity to 100
trigster Delete();                                          //delete the trigger so you don&#39;t see the trigger / message anymore. You can also use Hide();
}{% endhighlight %}
Also in function Main() add:<br /> <br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
thread changegravity();{% endhighlight %}
 <br />I am kinda inexperienced in scripting too, so don&#39;t expect it&#39;s perfect :p<br /> <br /> <br />Edit: I&#39;m kinda curious now, do we need to use<br /> <br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
ZeroGravityVolumeOn([volume_name]);{% endhighlight %}
? If so, i&#39;ve been trying to use it, but it won&#39;t work.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Ahmed02354<br /><blockquote><em>soul-toktzt</em><br />Ahmed02354 soul-toktzt Ahmed02354 How do I make a zero gravity thing like Der Eisendrache?   Let&#39;s change this up a bit from now on;)   I do know how to change the gravity (not when you are in a certain area tho, not yet). But try to make it on your own, post the script that you made and i / someone will edit it. ;)   (       Use &quot;player SetPlayerGravity(100);&quot; Normal gravity is 800, if you go higher, you&#39;ll have higher gravity, if you go lower, you&#39;ll have lower gravity. But don&#39;t put it at 0, i couldn&#39;t jump then xD)   You think you can do it? :p   I think I can&#39;t because i&#39;ve never done scripting in my life, Even if I look into my script folder I dont know what all that means, Even the tutorial on how to script I dont get, See english is my third language so I dont understand everything whats up there, and scripting is a whole other language LOL  This is to change the gravity with a trigger, but i don&#39;t know how to have it only in a certain zone, trying to figure it out. Add this to the GSC. function changegravity() // function [name] () { trigster = GetEnt(&quot;change_it&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); //add a trigger, in script it&#39;s called trigster with this function, in Radiant, add a trigger_use called &quot;change_it&quot; trigster SetHintString(&quot;ON&quot;); //this is to make the message &quot;ON&quot; appear while you&#39;re at the trigger trigster waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); //the next lines only activate when you activate the trigger player SetPlayerGravity(100); //set the player gravity to 100 trigster Delete(); //delete the trigger so you don&#39;t see the trigger / message anymore. You can also use Hide(); } Also in function Main() add:     thread changegravity();   I am kinda inexperienced in scripting too, so don&#39;t expect it&#39;s perfect :p     Edit: I&#39;m kinda curious now, do we need to use     ZeroGravityVolumeOn([volume_name]); ? If so, i&#39;ve been trying to use it, but it won&#39;t work.    </blockquote><br /> <br /> <br />I wish I could help, but i more curious than you LOL</p>
