# Zombies not moving
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: usaidwuttM8<br />So hey i&#39;m a complete noob and all so i have some noob problems. The problem is that on co-op and on solo after a certain round the zombies stop moving. they crawl out of ground and just stand. <br /> <br />I have only 1 window cuz it a 1 window challenge map<br />i have 1 zone cuz i only need one. <br />the window is set as receiver a and the structs only have 2 kvps and that is start_zone_spawners and the receiver a thing that i cant remember at the moment.<br />and the zombie only have two and that is start_zone_spawners and rise_location<br /> <br />Anyone know how to fix this?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: To_Be_Honest<br /><blockquote><em>usaidwuttM8</em><br />So hey i&#39;m a complete noob and all so i have some noob problems. The problem is that on co-op and on solo after a certain round the zombies stop moving. they crawl out of ground and just stand.    I have only 1 window cuz it a 1 window challenge map i have 1 zone cuz i only need one.  the window is set as receiver a and the structs only have 2 kvps and that is start_zone_spawners and the receiver a thing that i cant remember at the moment. and the zombie only have two and that is start_zone_spawners and rise_location   Anyone know how to fix this?</blockquote><br /><blockquote>If You Put Rise Location You have to put riser_location</blockquote></p>
