# PICK UP MULTIPLE ITEMS TO ACTIVATE A FX?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Deanford<br />The title says it all really... I need a script that when yo pick up multiple items it says you have picked it up (maybe adds a HUD Icon? if that has been figured out yet?) and then enables/activates an fx to show/loop?<br /> <br />Thanks peeps! &lt;3</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br /><blockquote><em>Deanford</em><br />The title says it all really... I need a script that when yo pick up multiple items it says you have picked it up (maybe adds a HUD Icon? if that has been figured out yet?) and then enables/activates an fx to show/loop?   Thanks peeps! &lt;3</blockquote><br />FOR THE HUD<br /> <br />Put this where ever you need it to execute<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
thread item_hud( "material name", 20, 120, 40, 40, 3 );
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br /> <br />Put this at the bottom of the script<br />icon will spawn from bottom right, so if you put x=200 and y=100 it will spawn 200px from the right and 100px from the bottom<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function creat_simple_image_hud( image, align_x, align_y, height, width, fade_time )
{

    hud = NewHudElem();
    hud.foreground = true;
    hud.sort = 1;
    hud.hidewheninmenu = true;
    hud.alignX = "left";
    hud.alignY = "bottom";
    hud.horzAlign = "left";
    hud.vertAlign = "bottom";
    hud.x = align_x;
    hud.y = hud.y - align_y;
    hud SetShader(image,width,height);
    hud.alpha = 1;
    wait( 8 );
    hud FadeOverTime( fade_time );
    hud.alpha = 0;
    wait( fade_time );
    hud Destroy();
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />Make sure you precache the material and add it in the zone file<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
#precache ("material", "material name");
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
material,material_name
image,material_image
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />AS FOR THE TEXT<br /> <br />you can do <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
iprintinbold("text");
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />or you can copy the hud above and replace setshader(image,width,height) with settext(text)<br /> <br />and in the thread part (at the top) replace the material with text</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Deanford<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />Deanford The title says it all really... I need a script that when yo pick up multiple items it says you have picked it up (maybe adds a HUD Icon? if that has been figured out yet?) and then enables/activates an fx to show/loop?   Thanks peeps! &lt;3 FOR THE HUD   Put this where ever you need it to execute thread item_hud( &quot;material name&quot;, 20, 120, 40, 40, 3 );       Put this at the bottom of the script icon will spawn from bottom right, so if you put x=200 and y=100 it will spawn 200px from the right and 100px from the bottom function creat_simple_image_hud( image, align_x, align_y, height, width, fade_time ) { hud = NewHudElem(); hud.foreground = true; hud.sort = 1; hud.hidewheninmenu = true; hud.alignX = &quot;left&quot;; hud.alignY = &quot;bottom&quot;; hud.horzAlign = &quot;left&quot;; hud.vertAlign = &quot;bottom&quot;; hud.x = align_x; hud.y = hud.y - align_y; hud SetShader(image,width,height); hud.alpha = 1; wait( 8 ); hud FadeOverTime( fade_time ); hud.alpha = 0; wait( fade_time ); hud Destroy(); }     Make sure you precache the material and add it in the zone file   #precache (&quot;material&quot;, &quot;material name&quot;);   material,material_name image,material_image     AS FOR THE TEXT   you can do  iprintinbold(&quot;text&quot;);     or you can copy the hud above and replace setshader(image,width,height) with settext(text)   and in the thread part (at the top) replace the material with text</blockquote><br /> Thanks for the reply man! Could you hit me up on twitter so we ca talk further?<br /> <br /><a href="https://twitter.com/IAmDeanford">https://twitter.com/IAmDeanford</a><br /> <br />Thanks again!</p>
