# NSZ growing soul question
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Symbo<br />Hello,<br /> <br />I try to modify the script to do some other things than what is pre-offer once the soul chest is complete but, after hours, I am going nowhere.<br /> <br />Is there a way to simply create a function, waittill the soul chest is done, then do stuff? I found this: if(level.grow_souls[system]&lt;=0) but it&#39;s not helping.<br /> <br />Thanks</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ZombieKid164<br /><blockquote><em>Symbo</em><br />Hello,   I try to modify the script to do some other things than what is pre-offer once the soul chest is complete but, after hours, I am going nowhere.   Is there a way to simply create a function, waittill the soul chest is done, then do stuff? I found this: if(level.grow_souls[system]&lt;=0) but it&#39;s not helping.   Thanks</blockquote><br /> Hello! First of all, not sure if the &quot;NSZ&quot; is referring to asking NateSmithZombies this question, but he did not create this script, and I highly recommend that you ask the creator of the script how to do what you are trying to accomplish in the future if that is the case. Anyways, I have found a way to modify it so you can make it do stuff (like activating a flag, or maybe running a script) other than giving the default rewards. <br /> <br />Here&#39;s a basic rundown of what I did:<br /> <br />First, I deleted everything<strong>inside</strong> of the SetUpReward Function and added these lines in it instead:<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function SetUpReward()
{
	level waittill("allgrowsouls");
	level flag::set("soul_boxes_done");
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
then, I deleted everything <strong>inside</strong> the GrowSoulEnding function (Make sure to keep it).<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function GrowSoulEnding()
{

}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
That&#39;s all I did I believe. Take note that this activates a flag, so what I did was add this flag in a waittill in the script I was using this for, like so:<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
level flag::wait_till( "soul_boxes_done" );

//Note: you will need to add "#using scripts\shared\flag_shared;" at the top of your script
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
Alternatively, you could activate a function of a script by adding a #using with your script at the top of the grow_souls script and then replace my &quot;level flag::set(&quot;soul_boxes_done&quot;);&quot; with &quot;level thread your_script_name::init();&quot; or something like that. Hopefully you find this useful!</p>
