# Spawn in front
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: mathfag<br />How to spawn something (trigger radius) in front + 50 units of something that is moving and constantly changing direction (example zombie).<br />Can&#39;t use radiant and Link the trigger.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: natesmithzombies<br />This was a tough one that took me a while to get right. I believe I got the logic from a script from WaW. Here is the code: <br />{% highlight php %}
function get_point_in_front(distance) //self is the entity you want to get the point in front of. returns the point in front of the entity
{
	fire_angles = self getPlayerAngles();
	fire_angles_forward = anglesToForward(fire_angles);
	fire_init = self.origin + (0,0,50); // added 50 to make it slightly off the ground
	return fire_init + vectorScale(fire_angles_forward, distance);	
}

/*
Example: 
org = player get_point_in_front(50);
*/{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br /><blockquote><em>natesmithzombies</em><br />This was a tough one that took me a while to get right. I believe I got the logic from a script from WaW. Here is the code:  function get_point_in_front(distance) //self is the entity you want to get the point in front of. returns the point in front of the entity { fire_angles = self getPlayerAngles(); fire_angles_forward = anglesToForward(fire_angles); fire_init = self.origin + (0,0,50); // added 50 to make it slightly off the ground return fire_init + vectorScale(fire_angles_forward, distance); } /* Example: org = player get_point_in_front(50); */  </blockquote><br /> <br />Thanks bro<br /> <br />For people that don&#39;t know, to spawn in front of not a player its:<br /> <br />self being the entity that called it<br />{% highlight php %}
fire_angles = self.angles;


and

org = self get_point_in_front(100);{% endhighlight %}
 <br />I still have no idea how the code works</p>
