# Allow players to pick a starting pistol every game
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Sylvacre<br />I had trouble deciding which starting pistol I wanted to use in my map, so I instead created a script to allow the player to decide for themselves!<br />This script currently only allows for 2 options. It gives the player 10 seconds, then takes away whichever gun they aren&#39;t holding.<br /> <br />Instructions:<br /> <br />Open your mapname.gsc located in (Call of Duty Black Ops III\usermaps\map_name\scripts\zm)<br /> <br />At the top, somewhere within main, add this line and replace the text in quotes with the name of the second weapon you want as an option:<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
level thread choose_pistol("t7_pistol_m1911");{% endhighlight %}
 <br />Then, at the bottom, add this function:<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
function choose_pistol(secondWep)
{
	level flag::wait_till( "initial_blackscreen_passed" );
	players = GetPlayers();
	secondary = GetWeapon(secondWep);

	foreach(player in players)
		player GiveWeapon(secondary);
		
	IPrintLnBold("Choose your starting pistol. The other will disappear in 10 seconds.");
	wait(7);
	for(i=3;i&gt;0;i--)
	{
		IPrintLnBold(i+"");
		wait(1);
	}
	foreach(player in players)
	{
		choice = player GetCurrentWeapon();
		ammo_clip = player GetWeaponAmmoClip(choice);
		ammo_fuel = player GetWeaponAmmoFuel(choice);
		ammo_stock = player GetWeaponAmmoStock(choice);
		player TakeAllWeapons();
		player GiveWeapon(choice);
		player giveWeapon( level.weaponBaseMelee );
		player SetWeaponAmmoClip(choice,ammo_clip);
		player SetWeaponAmmoFuel(choice,ammo_fuel);
		player SetWeaponAmmoStock(choice,ammo_stock);
		level thread zm::award_grenades_for_survivors(); 
	}
	IPrintLnBold("Starting pistol locked in.");
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />Done!<br />When you load into your map it will give you your &quot;second&quot; weapon alongside your normal starting pistol and after 10 seconds will take away the one you aren&#39;t holding.<br /> <br /> <br />Disclaimer: I am by no means an experienced scripter and it&#39;s very possible there&#39;s a better way to make this script so if anyone has suggestions for how it can be made better I&#39;m open to hearing them. I would think there&#39;s probably a better way to do the last part of the script in particular, but I tried many different things and wasn&#39;t able to figure out a &quot;better&quot; way.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Wild<br />This is awesome, great tutorial!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Azazel<br />oh my god thank you!!! i was literally thinking about this because i want to have all of the pistols from WAW - IW</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Sylvacre<br />Glad to help :)</p>
