# New to scripting, need help!
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Wild<br />Hello, over the past few days I have been learning how to script. I successfully made a script that added little credits in the bottom corner of the screen. I decided to test myself and try and put together something a bit more difficult. I am trying to create a script that allows me to shoot an object, and in return I would get Jugg. Again I am new to scripting and I am just trying to learn so please be nice lol.<br /> <br />Basically since I am trying to learn I don&#39;t need people to actually make the script the for me, rather I would like them to help explain to me what I did wrong and what needs to be changed. If it not a problem it would be great if you guys could explain why what I have is wrong and why the other ways are correct. I am not trying to make this script to actually use, it&#39;s just simply to help me learn and understand how to script so again, I am looking for explanations, not someone to make a script.<br /> <br />Here is what I did.<br /> <br />1) First I added &quot;#insert scripts\zm\_zm_perks.gsh;&quot; with the other #using lines of text at the top of my mapname.gsc.<br /> <br />2) Underneath &quot;zm_usermap::main();&quot; I added &quot;level shoot_for_jugg();&quot;<br /> <br />3) Finally, this is the script I wrote at the bottom of my mapname.gsc:<br />{% highlight php %}
function shoot_for_jugg()
{

	trigs = GetEntArray( "trig_for_jugg", "targetname" );
	foreach( trig in trigs )
		trig thread trig_shot();

}

function trig_shot()
{

	self waittill( "trigger", player );
	player PlayLocalSound( "zmb_cha_ching" ); //I don&#39;t know the alias name for any other sounds so is simply a placeholder
	self delete_model();

}

function delete_model()
{

	bears = GetEntArray( "give_jug_model", "targetname" );
	foreach( bear in bears )
		bear delete();

	thread give_jugg();

}

function give_jugg()
{

	players = GetPlayers();
	foreach( player in players )
	{
		perk = GetPerks( "PERK_JUGGERNOG" );
		player GivePerks( perk );
	}

}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />Before I added the last function (function give_jugg()) I was getting an error that stopped the linking process. After I added in this function the errors got fixed but whenever I launched the map it crashes before it fully loads in (during the blackscreen after you click run).<br /> <br /> <br />Once again I am looking for people to explain to me why this script isn&#39;t working, as well as explain to me what should be written and why. Thank you guys so much. I really appreciate it!<br /> <br />Remember, I am new to script and I am just trying to learn!<br /> <br />EDIT: I also added a scriptmodel with the targetname &quot;give_jug_model&quot; and surrounded it with a damage trigger with the targetname &quot;trigg_for_jugg&quot; incase you were wondering.<br /> <br />EDIT#2: Also if you&#39;re wondering, I wrote this based off of the basic stuff I learned, looking at a script for a shootable door and looking at a script used to give players multiple weapons at the start of the game. I looked at those and used the basics of scripting that I learned and wrote this. So just incase you need to know, that&#39;s what i wrote this based off of.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br />The problem is in how you referenced it. You typed:<br />{% highlight php %}
level shoot_for_jugg();{% endhighlight %}
 <br />when you should&#39;ve threaded it:<br />{% highlight php %}
level thread shoot_for_jugg();{% endhighlight %}
 <br />because you didn&#39;t thread it, it would be causing the game to get stuck on that script, before anyone has even loaded in.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Wild<br /><blockquote><em>Abnormal202</em><br />The problem is in how you referenced it. You typed: level shoot_for_jugg();   when you should&#39;ve threaded it: level thread shoot_for_jugg();   because you didn&#39;t thread it, it would be causing the game to get stuck on that script, before anyone has even loaded in.    </blockquote><br /> Okay that makes sense, I changed it. Jerri also told me that getperks isnt a thing and to just use setperk so I changed that function to this:<br />{% highlight php %}
function give_jugg()
{
 
    players = GetPlayers();
    foreach( player in players )
    {
        player SetPerk( "PERK_JUGGERNOG" );
    }
 
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br />I tested it in game and the map loads. When I shoot the object a sound plays and the trigger and model disappear which is good. The problem is that it doesn&#39;t actually give me Jugg. Any idea why?<br /> <br /> <br /> EDIT: Jerri fixed the function to say this:<br /><a href="https://t.co/R0qO4KzEOS">&lt;span class=&quot;invisible&quot;&gt;https://&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;js-display-url&quot;&gt;pastebin.com/FwePbymg&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;tco-ellipsis&quot;&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;invisible&quot;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;</a><br /> <br />The only problem is that when I use zm_perks::give_perk is gives me a linker error that says: <br />Unresolved external &#39;zm_perks::give_perk&#39;<br /> <br />Any idea why?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Wild<br />FIXED:<br /> <br />Huge thanks to Abnormal and Jerri for helping me to get this working. Looking at it now I kind of understand how it works. Thanks guys</p>
