# Weapon Cabinet
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: raptroes<br />&lt;h1&gt;Currently WIP. Will update post soon. Please ignore right now.&lt;/h1&gt;<br /> <br /> <br /><br />
[Need help, and then later on I plan on releasing this as a public asset.]<br /> <br />Hey y&#39;all.<br />Despite not being a programmer, I&#39;ve started working on the script to make my weapon cabinet functionally, and a lot of things are working, but I need help fine-tuning the code (I literally started scripting today lol). If it weren&#39;t for MakeCents&#39; autocomplete, the bo3_scriptaifunctions document, and other sample code, it would&#39;ve been impossible for me to get this far. Sorry if my coding sucks.<br /> <br />Anyways, the weapon cabinet in Nacht der Untoten is what I&#39;m trying to script. I already have the script_models/textures/etc set up in Radiant. I just need to finalize the code and get rid of some funny bugs.<br /> <br />Here is what I have so far, all inside my &lt;em&gt;mapname.gsc&lt;/em&gt; file:<br /> <br />Above [CODE=php]function main()[/CODE]<br />[CODE=php]#using scripts\zm\_zm_score;[/CODE]<br /> <br />Inside of [CODE=php]function main()[/CODE]<br />[CODE=php]level thread weapon_cabinet();[/CODE]<br /> <br />Below [CODE=php]function main()[/CODE], at the bottom of the GSC:<br /><strong>I&#39;m actually in the process of updating the code. Will repost new code soon. I only removed the code that was here so I don&#39;t waste anyone&#39;s time.</strong><br /> <br />Currently, the way this works is that you can buy the desired weapon (the Locus in this case, as seen in Zombie Chronicles version of Nacht der Untoten).<br />It will check to see if you have the weapon already or not, and charge you accordingly.<br />It will also check to see if you already opened the cabinet or not, so as to not rotate the cabinet doors more than once.<br /> <br />However, there are several bugs and bits of code missing that I need help with.<br /><strong>Bugs:</strong><br />&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;<span style="text-decoration: line-through">You are not charged for ammo. Once you own the weapon, you can purchase ammo indefinitely.</span>&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;li&gt;<span style="text-decoration: line-through">Not only that, but unlike a traditional wallbuy, it switches you from your other weapon to the cabinet weapon. (Minor inconvenience.)</span>&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;li&gt;There is no sound effect for when you cannot afford the weapon/ammo. (The thud noise.)&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;/ol&gt;<strong>Missing Features:</strong><br />&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;<span style="text-decoration: line-through">I didn&#39;t set up the if condition for an upgraded cabinet weapon yet, as I&#39;m not sure how to add [CODE=php]_upgraded[/CODE] to the end of the [CODE=php]cabinet_weapon[/CODE] variable when applicable. Besides the 2 bugs listed above, this is something else I&#39;d like to seek advice on.</span>&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;li&gt;I didn&#39;t set up the script_model for the Locus worldmodel in Radiant yet, as that seems to cause issues for some reason. (I can probably figure this part out later on).&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;li&gt;There is no sound effect when opening the cabinet. I imagine this is easy code I can add to the [CODE=php]weapon_cabinet_check()[/CODE] function. I just don&#39;t know where to find the names of sounds that I can play via scripts using [CODE=php]player PlaySound();[/CODE].&lt;/li&gt;<br />&lt;/ol&gt; <br />If you have any answers or code optimization, it&#39;d be much appreciated. I made a lot of comments to make it legible.<br />
</p>
