# how to make it where max ammo fills clip and stock ammo?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: itznvy<br />This was my favorite feature in some world at war custom maps, so i&#39;d like to be able to have it in my own.<br /> <br />Can anyone help?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br /><blockquote><em>itznvy</em><br />This was my favorite feature in some world at war custom maps, so i&#39;d like to be able to have it in my own.   Can anyone help?</blockquote><br /> If you look in the <a href="http://aviacreations.com/modme/scriptdocs/">ScriptDocs</a>, you can find:<br />{% highlight php %}
self SetWeaponAmmoClip( weapon, weapon.clipSize ){% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />In order to override the original max ammo script, we must copy &amp; paste _zm_powerup_full_ammo.gsc from ROOT/Share/raw/scripts/zm to ROOT/usermaps/yourmapname/scripts/zm<br /> <br />In that script now change the lines around 110:<br />{% highlight php %}
if ( players[i] HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) )
				players[i] GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );{% endhighlight %}
 <br />to:<br />{% highlight php %}
if ( players[i] HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) )
			{
				players[i] GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );
				players[i] SetWeaponAmmoClip( primary_weapons[x], primary_weapons[x].clipSize );
			}{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: itznvy<br /><blockquote><em>Abnormal202</em><br />itznvy This was my favorite feature in some world at war custom maps, so i&#39;d like to be able to have it in my own.   Can anyone help?  If you look in the ScriptDocs, you can find: self SetWeaponAmmoClip( weapon, weapon.clipSize )     In order to override the original max ammo script, we must copy &amp; paste _zm_powerup_full_ammo.gsc from ROOT/Share/raw/scripts/zm to ROOT/usermaps/yourmapname/scripts/zm   In that script now change the lines around 110: if ( players<em>HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) ) players<em>GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );   to: if ( players<em>HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) ) { players<em>GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] ); players<em>SetWeaponAmmoClip( primary_weapons[x], primary_weapons[x].clipSize ); }      </em></em></em></em></em></blockquote><em><em><em><em><em>Thanks!</em></em></em></em></em></p>
