# Abnormal202 Scripting Video Tutorials
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Abnormal202</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Abnormal202<br />&lt;h2&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">ABNORMAL202 SCRIPTING VIDEO TUTORIALS</span>&lt;/h2&gt;<br /> <br /><span style="color:#ffcc00;">Sorry for the repost, someone pointed out that it would be better to have this in the Scripting Tutorial section</span><br /> <br />I apologize in advance for what you&#39;re about to see...<br /> <br />I don&#39;t have much experience in making/editing videos, my voice doesn&#39;t sounds like ass on camera, I sniffle my nose too much, the audio quality is shit, and I&#39;m not exactly laser-focused on topic all the time.<br /> <br />That being said, if there&#39;s any way I can transfer scripting knowledge in a way that someone can understand and learn from, then it&#39;s worth a shot.<br /> <br />So here&#39;s my YouTube video tutorials on scripting in Black Ops 3:<br /> <br />&lt;h3&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">VIDEOS</span>&lt;/h3&gt;<br /> <br /><span style="color:#00ffff;"><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vvREd1dvPWs" frameborder="0"></iframe></span><br /><span style="color:#00ffff;"><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/CCtOgdI7dcs" frameborder="0"></iframe></span><br /><span style="color:#00ffff;"><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FYwwv-BVelk" frameborder="0"></iframe></span><br /> <br />&lt;h3&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">DESCRIPTION</span>&lt;/h3&gt;<br /> <br />I&#39;ll be adding on to this list as I get the time and make more videos. I want to see they&#39;re actually useful though before I precede to make more and more, so if there&#39;s any way you can give me an indication that it helped you (a like, a comment on this post or the video, etc.) that will definitely help.<br /> <br />I&#39;m no super-genius at scripting either, so if you&#39;re an experienced scripter and notice something wrong, <strong>please</strong> help me (and more importantly the people watching) by letting me know what I said wrong. Keep in mind I may be simplifying things a bit to help explain concepts to beginner scripters.<br /> <br />Also I&#39;m very open to suggestions on how to improve these videos. Should there be any sort of music in the background? Is the mic too quiet? Is the focus too all-over-place to figure out what I&#39;m trying to teach?<br /> <br /> <br />But yeah, anyways, I hope this helps someone.<br /> <br /><span style="color:#00ffff;"></span></p>
