# get rid of blue light on mystery box
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: KillJoyYT<br />was wondering if its possible to edit the mystery box prefab to remove the blue light it casts into the sky. or perhaps a function?<br /> <br />thank you!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: TrueGamerCalls<br />From magicbox.gsc<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
#precache( "fx", "zombie/fx_weapon_box_marker_zmb" );
#precache( "fx", "zombie/fx_weapon_box_marker_fl_zmb" );

level._effect["lght_marker"] = "zombie/fx_weapon_box_marker_zmb";										
level._effect["lght_marker_flare"] = "zombie/fx_weapon_box_marker_fl_zmb";							{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: KillJoyYT<br />so I just comment them out?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: TrueGamerCalls<br /><blockquote><em>KillJoyYT</em><br />so I just comment them out?</blockquote><br /> I would copy the GSC to your scripts folder and add try that, dunno if it would work, but its worth a try.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Harry Bo21<br />{% highlight php %}
//////////////////////////////////////////////////
///////////// FUNCTION OVERRIDE LIST /////////////
//// If any of these functions are overriden, they will override functionality in this script
// level.custom_magic_box_timer_til_despawn == Custom box movement
// level.custom_magic_box_do_weapon_rise == Custom weapon rise
// level.custom_magic_box_weapon_wait == Custom weapon wait until being taken back into the box
// level.custom_pandora_show_func == Custom map marker
// level.custom_magic_box_fx == Custom FX when box opens and closes
// level.custom_treasure_chest_glowfx == Custom Chest FX
// level.custom_magicbox_float_height == (int) custom float height
//
// If custom_pandora_show_func is defined, then a custom magicbox_host_migration() must be made in the new gsc
//////////////////////////////////////////////////{% endhighlight %}
 <br />directly taken from the very top of the mysterybox script - you should really read them in future<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
// under zm_usermaps::main(); in mapname GSC
level.custom_pandora_show_func = &amp;no_marker;



// somewhere at the bottom of the script
function no_marker() {}{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: KillJoyYT<br />ahh thank you guys!<br /> <br />the lights not disappearing completely... only after you buy the box once it then disappears</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">panne</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Reply By: KillJoyYT<br />ahh thank you guys!<br /><br />the lights not disappearing completely... only after you buy the box once it then disappears<br /></blockquote><br />So have you find out how to make the beam disapear direcly from the beggining?</p>
