# Scripting A Multi-Step Easter Egg For My Map
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Zixology<br />Just finished making the second map in a series that I&#39;ve started a storyline for. The map is fully constructed and functional as a normal/playable map on a makeshift oil rig with doors, zones, spawns, perks, guns, characters, voices, etc. All that&#39;s left is a few extra voice lines and the main Easter Egg quest. I&#39;m not great when it comes to scripting. I&#39;m solely a mapper. So no, I&#39;m not asking for help making a script. I&#39;m asking for someone to make one. <br />Obviously, you will be given full credit for the script and I can even mark you as a creator on the workshop page, once it gets uploaded, if you&#39;d like.<br /> <br />Steps:<br />1. Player will activate a terminal by pressing &quot;F&quot; on a location after the power has been turned on.<br />2. A model, located in the map already, will require power by the player killing zombies nearby it.<br />3. Once powered, the model can be picked up and placed at another location.<br />4. Player will interact with the same terminal from before.<br />5. More zombie souls will be required at 2 other locations.<br />6. Once each is completed, an fx or flashing light will play on 3 targets.<br />7. Player will have to use a specific weapon to shoot 3 targets in any order. Once shot, the fx will stop.<br />8. Player will interact with the same terminal from the start.<br />9. Player will have to interact with a button located at the spawn area.<br />10. A geometric patch, textured to look like a structure, will move into view while the &quot;earthquake&quot; player effect is applied and a sound effect plays.<br /> <br />In between most of the steps, I would like to have audio lines play as a way of giving vague hints to the player.<br /> <br />If you are interested, I couldn&#39;t be more grateful. However, I&#39;d prefer to not show screenshots or video on the forum. But feel free to add me on Discord and I can provide visuals of the map there.<br />Discord is Zixology #7499</p>
