# HOW TO DISABLE TEXT FOR SPECIFIC TRIGGER_USES IN THE MAP
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: maxman5050<br />is there a way to make it so that text dosent appear for certain debris but it does for others on the same map?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br /> <br />This probably will work. I have not tested it.<br /> <br /> <br /> <br /><strong>Script:</strong><br />Add<br />{% highlight php %}
thread disable_text();{% endhighlight %}
anywhere in function main<br /> <br /> <br />and add this to the bottom of the script.<br />{% highlight php %}
function disable_text()
{
level waittill("initial_blackscreen_passed"); //so this doesnt run before the trigs are set up. just incase

trigs = GetEntArray("remove_text","script_string");

foreach(trig in trigs)
	{
	trig SetHintString(""); //text
	trig SetCursorHint("HINT_NOICON"); //icon
	}
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br /> <br /><strong>Radiant:</strong><br />Add this KVP to all triggers that you don&#39;t want to have a hintstring:<br /> <br />KVP- script_string<br />value- remove_text<br /> <br /> <br />hint:<br />targetname is a KVP<br />zombie_door is the value</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Harry Bo21<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />  This probably will work. I have not tested it.       Script: Add thread disable_text(); anywhere in function main     and add this to the bottom of the script. function disable_text() { level waittill(&quot;initial_blackscreen_passed&quot;); //so this doesnt run before the trigs are set up. just incase trigs = GetEntArray(&quot;remove_text&quot;,&quot;script_string&quot;); foreach(trig in trigs) { trig SetHintString(&quot;&quot;); //text trig SetCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;); //icon } }       Radiant: Add this KVP to all triggers that you don&#39;t want to have a hintstring:   KVP- script_string value- remove_text     hint: targetname is a KVP zombie_door is the value    </blockquote><br /> he means to certain players i think<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
void SetHintStringForPlayer(,,[...])
[MANDATORY]  The player that will see the hint string
[MANDATORY]  The hint string that will be displayed to the player
[OPTIONAL] [...] Additional arguments may be appended to the hint string in the same way as SetHintString.
CATEGORY: 
CLIENT/SERVER: Server
SUMMARY: Sets the trigger hint string for one specific player{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />if not then<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
void &lt;trigger&gt; TriggerEnable(&lt;flag&gt;)
[MANDATORY] &lt;flag&gt; True if trigger should be enabled, false otherwise
CATEGORY: 
CLIENT/SERVER: Server
SUMMARY: Enables or disables the trigger
EXAMPLE: trig TriggerEnable( true )&lt;/flag&gt;&lt;/flag&gt;&lt;/trigger&gt;{% endhighlight %}
</p>
