# Abnormal202 Ambient Music System
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Abnormal202<br />&lt;h2&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">ABNORMAL202 AMBIENT MUSIC SYSTEM</span>&lt;/h2&gt;<br /> <br /> <br />&lt;h3&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">DESCRIPTION</span>&lt;/h3&gt;<br /> <br />So I was looking through the files of my new map, <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1212683762&searchtext=afterbirth">Afterbirth</a>, to see what I could release to the public and I found my ambient music system. I beefed it up and added more options for the public, and so now I&#39;m releasing it.<br /> <br />This system essentially creates a shuffled order of songs (2D sound aliases) and plays them for all players to hear. it comes with triggers that when pressed will stop/start the ambient music so players can turn it on/off at will. It also has the option to print the song&#39;s name in the top-left corner when it starts playing.<br /> <br />Note if you are looking to play non-2D aliases for things such as sound effects, you may want to try <a href="http://aviacreations.com/modme/index.php?view=topic&tid=309">NSZ&#39;s Ambient Sounds Tutorial</a>.<br /> <br />Personally I think adding the right music to a map can make a huge difference in the atmosphere and mood of the map, and help players really <strong>feel</strong> something when playing.<br /> <br />&lt;h3&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">HOW TO INSTALL</span>&lt;/h3&gt;<br /> <br /> <br />Instructions are included in the download but here they are here as well:<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
ABNORMAL202 AMBIENT MUSIC SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS

1. Open the usermaps/yourmapname folder in this download. paste the files into your real bo3root/usermaps/yourmapname

2. Open yourmapname.zone (located in Bo3root/usermaps/yourmapname/zone_source) and paste these lines at the bottom:

//Abnormal202 Ambient Music System
scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/ambient_music.gsc
scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/ambient_music.gsh

3. Open yourmapname.gsc (located in Bo3root/usermaps/yourmapname/scripts/zm) and paste this line in the #using section above function main() :

#using scripts\zm\ambient_music;

4. Open the ambient_music.gsh (located in Bo3root/usermaps/yourmapname/scripts/zm) and configure your options how you want

5. Open the ambient_music.gsc (located in Bo3root/usermaps/yourmapname/scripts/zm) to register songs and song nicknames

	Registering a Song:
	
	Add this line in the create_music_order() function, below the line    songs = array();

	ArrayInsert(songs, "put_song_alias_name_here",  songs.size); 

	you can have as many of these as you like

	
	Registering a Song Nickname:

	Add these lines in the get_song_nickname( song ) function, below the line     nickname = undefined;

	if(song == "put_song_alias_name_here")
	{
		nickname = "Put Respective Song Nickname Here";	
	}

	You can add as many of these as you like, but make sure every if statement after the first one is an else if() statement.

6. In Radiant add a trigger_use with targetname:   ambient_music_switch   where you want players to be able to switch on/off music. You can have as many of these as you like

7. Don&#39;t forget to credit me! Abnormal202
{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />&lt;h3&gt;<span style="color:#00ffff;">DOWNLOAD</span>&lt;/h3&gt;<br /> <br /> <br /><a href="https://mega.nz/#!mh5XkYKR!U9sg2jFrLgnt6omj6PMIcjX63OpbWQztSRENdkxPIPM">Download</a></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: KillJoyYT<br />epic bro :D</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Symbo<br />Thanks!!! Awesome work</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Bradliboy<br />hello, i love the mod but i have run into a problem. i have set up the songs perfectly and the &quot;now playing:&quot; shows the correct titles but no audio is heard! very frustrating after the alias work i did, any suggestions?<br /> <br />ive been testing for hours trying to fix it and have leanered that my alias files are messed up, even though i am using an edited version of a sound alias that worked in the past, i just changed the alias name and the file path.<br />and i also have an error about parsing in my zone file.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br /><blockquote><em>Bradliboy</em><br />hello, i love the mod but i have run into a problem. i have set up the songs perfectly and the &quot;now playing:&quot; shows the correct titles but no audio is heard! very frustrating after the alias work i did, any suggestions?   ive been testing for hours trying to fix it and have leanered that my alias files are messed up, even though i am using an edited version of a sound alias that worked in the past, i just changed the alias name and the file path. and i also have an error about parsing in my zone file.</blockquote><br /> fix the zone error and the problem will disappear</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Bradliboy<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />Bradliboy hello, i love the mod but i have run into a problem. i have set up the songs perfectly and the &quot;now playing:&quot; shows the correct titles but no audio is heard! very frustrating after the alias work i did, any suggestions?   ive been testing for hours trying to fix it and have leanered that my alias files are messed up, even though i am using an edited version of a sound alias that worked in the past, i just changed the alias name and the file path. and i also have an error about parsing in my zone file.  fix the zone error and the problem will disappear </blockquote><br /> hey, thanks for the reply but thats the issue, idk how to fix the error... any idea how to fix parsing error with leftover tokens in my zone file?<br /> heres the error:<br />ERROR: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\usermaps\zm_beneath\sound\zoneconfig\zm_beneath.szc<br />ERROR: tokens remain after parse</p>
