# Starting/Stopping a looping "ambient" sound
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: ltschase<br />I would like to know how to start and stop an &quot;ambient&quot; sound. I was hoping that by using Nate Smith&#39;s ambient sounds method with the structs, that I could simply stop and start the sound by hiding and showing the structs, but that didn&#39;t work, so I am not sure how to do it. If you don&#39;t understand what am I wanting to do exactly, for example, I want to have the sound of a generator running, but the generator isn&#39;t always running, so the sound needs to turn on and off.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ihmiskeho<br />I don&#39;t know how Nate&#39;s script works, but you could use PlayLoopSound(&lt;sound&gt;, fadetime) to start the sound and StopLoopSound(fadetime) to stop it.&lt;/sound&gt;<br /> <br />There is info about these function (and basically about all BO3 functions) in the scriptapifunctions. That can be found in Black ops 3 root/deffiles/docs_modtools.<br />&lt;h1&gt; &lt;/h1&gt;</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br /><blockquote><em>ltschase</em><br />I would like to know how to start and stop an &quot;ambient&quot; sound. I was hoping that by using Nate Smith&#39;s ambient sounds method with the structs, that I could simply stop and start the sound by hiding and showing the structs, but that didn&#39;t work, so I am not sure how to do it. If you don&#39;t understand what am I wanting to do exactly, for example, I want to have the sound of a generator running, but the generator isn&#39;t always running, so the sound needs to turn on and off.</blockquote><br /> In my experience the StopLoopSound function doesn&#39;t always work. Instead what I would recommend is spawning in an invisible entity, playing a loop sound on that entity, and deleting that entity when you want to stop the sound.<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
SoundOrg = util::spawn_model( "tag_origin", &lt;location&gt; );
SoundOrg PlayLoopSound("alias_name");
SoundOrg Delete();&lt;/location&gt;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />You will need this #using in order to use the spawn_model function however:<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
#using scripts\shared\util_shared;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Symbo<br />Abnormal you got me curious. StopLoopSound always worked for me. I just found this function in sound_shared.gsc that suggest you can specify the alias you want to stop instead of the fadetime. <br /> <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function loop_on_tag( alias, tag, bStopSoundOnDeath )
{
	org = Spawn( "script_origin", ( 0, 0, 0 ) );
	org endon( "death" );
	if ( !isdefined( bStopSoundOnDeath ) )
	{
		bStopSoundOnDeath = true;
	}
	if ( bStopSoundOnDeath )
	{
		thread util::delete_on_death( org );
	}
	if( isdefined( tag ) )
	{
		org LinkTo( self, tag, ( 0, 0, 0 ), ( 0, 0, 0 ) );
	}
	else
	{
		org.origin = self.origin;
		org.angles = self.angles;
		org LinkTo( self );
	}
	//	org endon( "death" );
	org PlayLoopSound( alias );
	//	println( "playing loop sound ", alias, " on entity at origin ", self.origin, " at ORIGIN ", org.origin );
	self waittill( "stop sound" + alias );
	org StopLoopSound( alias );
	org Delete();
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
So if anyone wanna use it, you need this using: <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
#using scripts\shared\sound_shared;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
and you can call it just with the alias or also specify a tag if you want to: <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
entity thread sound::loop_on_tag( "alias_name");
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
and apparently stop the sound like this: <br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
entity notify( "stop sound" + "alias_name" );
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ltschase<br />Got it working using StopLoopSound.</p>
