# How do you change the property of barricades?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: OrderAndDEATH<br />I want to change the window repair so it will give you more then just 10 points when you repair them. Is it possible?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Symbo<br /><blockquote><em>OrderAndDEATH</em><br />I want to change the window repair so it will give you more then just 10 points when you repair them. Is it possible?</blockquote><br /> Maybe. You need to copy the the _zm_blockers.gsc in your mapname/script/zm folder, add it to your zone and usings. then find this function where you probably can change the cost:<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
function handle_post_board_repair_rewards( cost, zbarrier )
{
	self zm_stats::increment_client_stat( "boards" );
	self zm_stats::increment_player_stat( "boards" );		
	
	// 5% chance every 5 boards, with a 60 sec minimum time between repeats
	if( isDefined(self.pers["boards"] ) &amp;&amp; self.pers["boards"] %10 == 0 )
	{
		self zm_audio::create_and_play_dialog( "general", "rebuild_boards" );
	}

	// set the score
	self.rebuild_barrier_reward += cost;
	if( self.rebuild_barrier_reward &lt; level.zombie_vars["rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round"] )
	{
		self zm_score::player_add_points( "rebuild_board", cost );
		self zm_utility::play_sound_on_ent( "purchase" );
		
	}
	// general contractor achievement for dlc 2. keep track of how many board player repaired.
	if(isdefined(self.board_repair))
	{
		self.board_repair += 1;
	}
}{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br />In the beginning of the function <span style="color:#ff0000;">blocker_trigger_think</span> the cost is defined and it seems you can define the cost as a kvp on the window prefab (or struct inside) like with doors.<br /> <br />so kvp = zombie_cost<br />value = 1000<br /> <br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
cost = 10;
	if( isdefined( self.zombie_cost ) )
	{
		cost = self.zombie_cost; 
	}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />but I&#39;m not sure. Havn&#39;t tried it.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: OrderAndDEATH<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />In the beginning of the function blocker_trigger_think the cost is defined and it seems you can define the cost as a kvp on the window prefab (or struct inside) like with doors.   so kvp = zombie_cost value = 1000     cost = 10; if( isdefined( self.zombie_cost ) ) { cost = self.zombie_cost; }     but I&#39;m not sure. Havn&#39;t tried it.</blockquote><br /> <br />It works to an extent, I tried it but Won&#39;t give me points since you already reach the barrier point limit, is there a way to remove that?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br /><blockquote><em>OrderAndDEATH</em><br />mathfag In the beginning of the function blocker_trigger_think the cost is defined and it seems you can define the cost as a kvp on the window prefab (or struct inside) like with doors.   so kvp = zombie_cost value = 1000     cost = 10; if( isdefined( self.zombie_cost ) ) { cost = self.zombie_cost; }     but I&#39;m not sure. Havn&#39;t tried it.   It works to an extent, I tried it but Won&#39;t give me points since you already reach the barrier point limit, is there a way to remove that?</blockquote><br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
level.zombie_vars["rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round"] = 10000;{% endhighlight %}
 <br />is how many points you can get per round from rebuilding. _zm.gsc line 4374<br /> <br />so in your function main add<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round", max_points);{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: OrderAndDEATH<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />OrderAndDEATH mathfag In the beginning of the function blocker_trigger_think the cost is defined and it seems you can define the cost as a kvp on the window prefab (or struct inside) like with doors.   so kvp = zombie_cost value = 1000     cost = 10; if( isdefined( self.zombie_cost ) ) { cost = self.zombie_cost; }     but I&#39;m not sure. Havn&#39;t tried it.   It works to an extent, I tried it but Won&#39;t give me points since you already reach the barrier point limit, is there a way to remove that?   level.zombie_vars[&quot;rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round&quot;] = 10000;   is how many points you can get per round from rebuilding. _zm.gsc line 4374   so in your function main add   zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( &quot;rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round&quot;, max_points);</blockquote><br /> <br />When I put the line of code into my function main it says that &quot; max_points &quot; is a uninitialized local variable, am I missing something?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ihmiskeho<br /><blockquote><em>OrderAndDEATH</em><br />mathfag OrderAndDEATH mathfag In the beginning of the function blocker_trigger_think the cost is defined and it seems you can define the cost as a kvp on the window prefab (or struct inside) like with doors.   so kvp = zombie_cost value = 1000     cost = 10; if( isdefined( self.zombie_cost ) ) { cost = self.zombie_cost; }     but I&#39;m not sure. Havn&#39;t tried it.   It works to an extent, I tried it but Won&#39;t give me points since you already reach the barrier point limit, is there a way to remove that?   level.zombie_vars[&quot;rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round&quot;] = 10000;   is how many points you can get per round from rebuilding. _zm.gsc line 4374   so in your function main add   zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( &quot;rebuild_barrier_cap_per_round&quot;, max_points);   When I put the line of code into my function main it says that &quot; max_points &quot; is a uninitialized local variable, am I missing something?</blockquote><br /> Replace max_points with a number value. This will cap the amount of points you can get per round.</p>
