# Stop a FX
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: eDeK<br />Hi, i have a FX playing in a &quot;tag&quot; of my xanim in GSC, all correct, but my problem is i cant stop it after &quot;X seconds&quot;, the original FX is &quot;infinite&quot; dont stop.<br />I need to edit the FX and export it?<br />To do something in CSC?<br />Or other thing i forget?<br /> <br />Zone:<br />{% highlight php %}
fx,zombie/fx_ritual_gatestone_crack_glow_zod_zmb{% endhighlight %}
 <br />GSC:<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
#define KAMEHAMEHA_FX			"zombie/fx_ritual_gatestone_crack_glow_zod_zmb"
#precache( "fx", KAMEHAMEHA_FX ); {% endhighlight %}
{% highlight php %}
thread gohan();{% endhighlight %}
 <br />{% highlight php %}
function gohan()
{           
          
    model = GetEnt("gohan_kamehameha_uno","targetname");      
                     
    model useanimtree(#animtree);

    model AnimScripted( "gohan_kamehameha_xanim", model.origin, model.angles, %gohan_kamehameha_xanim);

    PlayFXOnTag( KAMEHAMEHA_FX, model, "GD_hand_L" ); 
       
    wait 1.6;

    //HERE A NEED STOP THE FX

    wait 1;
}{% endhighlight %}
Thanks, any help is apreciated.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Harry Bo21<br />Spawn another model - play the fx on that<br /> <br />delete it to stop it</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br />In APE you can play and stop FX at specific frames by clicking on your anim file and adding 2 FX notetracks. 1 to start the fx and 1 to stop (use &quot;kill FX&quot;). Not sure if it works on normal models or just AI. Probably will.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: eDeK<br />Work perfect Mathfag, 1 Million of thanks!</p>
