# Custom HUD
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Asset Importing

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Dts888<br />Hopefully this is in the right section, it was either this or scripting since I&#39;m sure both are involved in this, apologies if this is the wrong location. I&#39;m not sure if this has been asked or not, but how would one create a custom HUD (ammo counter, points, text font and all) for their map? To make a long story short, I just want to learn how to create/&quot;port&quot; a simple HUD, basically a copy and paste from World At War&#39;s zombies and don&#39;t really know where to start. It is just such a simple look and it would work well for a simple map. Thanks!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br />Learn LUA <a href="http://phabricator.aviacreations.com/w/black_ops_3/lua_%28lui%29/">here</a></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: QuentinN33<br /><blockquote><em>HDts888</em><br />Hopefully this is in the right section, it was either this or scripting since I&#39;m sure both are involved in this, apologies if this is the wrong location. I&#39;m not sure if this has been asked or not, but how would one create a custom HUD (ammo counter, points, text font and all) for their map? To make a long story short, I just want to learn how to create/&quot;port&quot; a simple HUD, basically a copy and paste from World At War&#39;s zombies and don&#39;t really know where to start. It is just such a simple look and it would work well for a simple map. Thanks! </blockquote><br /> Use Lui, and learn how to make widget, easy but need time to learn , be patient ;)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">DaintyMalice</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thread By: Dts888<br />Hopefully this is in the right section, it was either this or scripting since I&#39;m sure both are involved in this, apologies if this is the wrong location. I&#39;m not sure if this has been asked or not, but how would one create a custom HUD (ammo counter, points, text font and all) for their map? To make a long story short, I just want to learn how to create/&quot;port&quot; a simple HUD, basically a copy and paste from World At War&#39;s zombies and don&#39;t really know where to start. It is just such a simple look and it would work well for a simple map. Thanks!<br /></blockquote><br />Did you ever finish working on that WaW HUD? I&#39;m working on one now and struggling with getting the shell images for the current ammo count to register. The code we&#39;ve used so far for it seems to have an error we can&#39;t place. Still trying to figure it out. If you figured it out I&#39;d love to see how you did it!! If it&#39;s not too much to ask :)</p>
