# Problem with M1911 Sliding Animation
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Models & Animation

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: NoScopeNinja25<br />I pretty much have everything completed for the M1911 but I am having trouble figuring out how to fix the sliding animation.  Most of the animations have an empty version, but the slide animation doesn&#39;t. <br /> <br />The slide animations only has these options:<br />Slide In<br />Slide In Air<br />Slide Loop<br />Slide Out<br /><br />The sprint animations has these options:<br />Sprint In<br />Sprint Loop<br />Sprint Out<br />Sprint In Empty<br />Sprint Loop Empty<br />Sprint Out Empty<br /> <br />I made empty animations for everything else but they had a spot in APE to put the empty animations.  Since there is no slide empty animation, when I slide with the empty M1911 the slide on the top of the gun moves forward and the moves back after the animation ends.  I have linked a video of what is happening:<br /> <br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aLRKZWYhbMw" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /> <br />Is there a way to fix this?  Any help would be appreciated, this is the last thing I have to fix.  It does the same thing for the dual wield animations.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: The Black Death<br /><blockquote><em>NoScopeNinja25</em><br />I pretty much have everything completed for the M1911 but I am having trouble figuring out how to fix the sliding animation.  Most of the animations have an empty version, but the slide animation doesn&#39;t.    The slide animations only has these options:Slide InSlide In AirSlide LoopSlide OutThe sprint animations has these options:Sprint InSprint LoopSprint OutSprint In EmptySprint Loop EmptySprint Out Empty   I made empty animations for everything else but they had a spot in APE to put the empty animations.  Since there is no slide empty animation, when I slide with the empty M1911 the slide on the top of the gun moves forward and the moves back after the animation ends.  I have linked a video of what is happening:     Is there a way to fix this?  Any help would be appreciated, this is the last thing I have to fix.  It does the same thing for the dual wield animations.</blockquote><br />Empty slides were never implemented into the T7 engine as Treyarch did not use any empty animations in their T7 weapons. Isn&#39;t fixable I&#39;m afraid :/</p>
