# Take models from black ops 4
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Models & Animation

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: mapmaker12<br />Hello. I dont know how to use Greyhound, or export2bin, or ExportX. I am trying to take models from black ops 4, and if someone could help me, or link me to a tutorial where i can learn how to use these things to get models from blsck ops 4, that would be appreciated. I have tried for a couple of hours with no sucess. I think that one problem might be that my gdt files are saving as a text file in sublime? But i really have no idea. Thanks. :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: TheJaguarPlays<br /><blockquote><em>mapmaker12</em><br />Hello. I dont know how to use Greyhound, or export2bin, or ExportX. I am trying to take models from black ops 4, and if someone could help me, or link me to a tutorial where i can learn how to use these things to get models from blsck ops 4, that would be appreciated. I have tried for a couple of hours with no sucess. I think that one problem might be that my gdt files are saving as a text file in sublime? But i really have no idea. Thanks. :)  </blockquote><br /> Hey, uhmm one of the first things you&#39;ll need in order to port the models from bo3 is t8zoneripper<br />Link to download T8ZoneRipper<br /><a href="https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper">https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper</a><br /> <br />If you download this you need to drag the files inside your black ops 4 root folder, so where you have bo4 installed.<br />run this while bo4 is not active and battle.net is turned off.<br />(I do want to warn you that it will take around the same amound of gb as the game is so if it was 100 it will be 200 after due to the zoneripper)<br /> <br />After it&#39;s finished you can now start up the game and load up greyhound, when you are in the game you want to hit load game so it can load the files (only do this if your in the level/map you want the models from because otherwhise sometimes it won&#39;t load it or just show up in greyhound)<br />Then search for the model and dubble click or click en select export selected, in settings you can edit on what you want to see like images, models, xanims, etc.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mapmaker12<br /><blockquote><em>TheJaguarPlays</em><br />mapmaker12 Hello. I dont know how to use Greyhound, or export2bin, or ExportX. I am trying to take models from black ops 4, and if someone could help me, or link me to a tutorial where i can learn how to use these things to get models from blsck ops 4, that would be appreciated. I have tried for a couple of hours with no sucess. I think that one problem might be that my gdt files are saving as a text file in sublime? But i really have no idea. Thanks. :)    Hey, uhmm one of the first things you&#39;ll need in order to port the models from bo3 is t8zoneripper Link to download T8ZoneRipper <a href="https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper">https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper</a>   If you download this you need to drag the files inside your black ops 4 root folder, so where you have bo4 installed. run this while bo4 is not active and battle.net is turned off. (I do want to warn you that it will take around the same amound of gb as the game is so if it was 100 it will be 200 after due to the zoneripper)   After it&#39;s finished you can now start up the game and load up greyhound, when you are in the game you want to hit load game so it can load the files (only do this if your in the level/map you want the models from because otherwhise sometimes it won&#39;t load it or just show up in greyhound) Then search for the model and dubble click or click en select export selected, in settings you can edit on what you want to see like images, models, xanims, etc.</blockquote><br /> Thank you. :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">coryraulerson</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Reply By: TheJaguarPlays<br /><br />Hey, uhmm one of the first things you&#39;ll need in order to port the models from bo3 is t8zoneripper<br />Link to download T8ZoneRipper<br /><a href="https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper">https://github.com/Scobalula/T8ZoneRipper</a><br /><br />If you download this you need to drag the files inside your black ops 4 root folder, so where you have bo4 installed.<br />run this while bo4 is not active and battle.net is turned off.<br />(I do want to warn you that it will take around the same amound of gb as the game is so if it was 100 it will be 200 after due to the zoneripper)<br /><br />After it&#39;s finished you can now start up the game and load up greyhound, when you are in the game you want to hit load game so it can load the files (only do this if your in the level/map you want the models from because otherwhise sometimes it won&#39;t load it or just show up in greyhound)<br />Then search for the model and dubble click or click en select export selected, in settings you can edit on what you want to see like images, models, xanims, etc.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I have tried this trying to find assets for guns and I can’t find them ? I tried to find the model for the Swat and I can’t find them for example...</p>
