# Is there something wrong with the ragnaroks?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: GorillaBlurr19<br />Am I missing something with the rags? Ive tested it now taking everything out the box except for monkeys, dingo, and thunder gun. When I got all that the box keeps/kept flashing the rags but to my surprise landed on a random weapon even tho I took out everything except what I mentiond. It evn gave me the shield which I havent tested yet, its like it couldn&#39;t find a weapon to give so it turned everything to true.<br /><br />It just wont give me the rags, it cant be bcuz I dnt have the dlc cuz it still gives me the mark3z and I dnt have gorod krovi</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: tbone-5<br /><blockquote><em>GorillaBlurr19</em>Am I missing something with the rags? Ive tested it now taking everything out the box except for monkeys, dingo, and thunder gun. When I got all that the box keeps/kept flashing the rags but to my surprise landed on a random weapon even tho I took out everything except what I mentiond. It evn gave me the shield which I havent tested yet, its like it couldn&#39;t find a weapon to give so it turned everything to true.<br /><br />It just wont give me the rags, it cant be bcuz I dnt have the dlc cuz it still gives me the mark3z and I dnt have gorod krovi</blockquote><br /><br />try this, this is what i use for the box it works for me [CODE=php] hero_gravityspikes_melee,hero_gravityspikes_melee,,6500,,,,,,TRUE,TRUE,FALSE,,,FALSE,TRUE,special,TRUE,TRUE,[/CODE]</p>
