# Models and Textures missing/ Continuous Validation
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: ASTR0x0M3GA<br />I&#39;m having an issue with the textures and models of my map(s). This texture and model screwup wasn&#39;t noticed until I had to make steam &#39;acknowledge&#39; the contents where the mod tools were.<br /> <br />Couple of nights ago, I decided to go turn of my pc before I went to bed. The next day, I woke up, turned on the pc, went on steam and noticed that the mod tools in the tool section of steam weren&#39;t installed even though I had them installed already.<br />So I tried to download the mod tools on the drive where I have them located (just so it can override its contents at the very least).<br />It downloaded and it &#39;recognized&#39; the file location, a download was placed after that adjustment occurred which was about 40 minutes.<br />After all of that occurred, I was able to open up the mod tools and I clicked radiant applied to my map selection.<br /> <br />The next thing I know, I&#39;m looking at my map with textures that are missing, seeing some of the models that are in their shape without some textures applied and models that are displaced with little cubes.<br /> <br />I exited my launcher and noticed an update that was needed for the mod tools and so i proceeded with installing it. The download process on steam for the mod tools was &#39;validating&#39; for 40 minutes but whenever I looked at the download page it told me it was an &quot;update required&quot;.<br />The download process didn&#39;t have any bytes transferring. After the validation process, it listed another update required listed on the download section for the mod tools again.<br />Clicked it and said validating again. So now it&#39;s a nonstop loop of telling me something that is in need of an update when it actually isn&#39;t.<br /> <br />I don&#39;t know WHY steam decided to not recognize the mod tools for black ops 3 in the tool section for me, even when i could run the tools by just finding it in the files and using it from there.<br />But i wanted to make sure I&#39;m getting everything new from the updates. I find myself regretting that decision immensely now.<br />It&#39;s weird because most of the textures and models that can&#39;t be seen in radiant are the models and textures THEY provided within their bo3 mod tools.<br />I&#39;m thinking about saving some of the exclusive files and deleting the game and the mod tools and re downloading it to fix but unsure if the problems will be fixed henceforth.<br /> <br />It probably has to do with the GDT&#39;s because I don&#39;t know whether the new ones that are put in xanim_export, model_export and texture_assets should be placed in source_data or should be kept where they are put.<br /> <br /> <br />Here are some of the materials missing.<br />From what I&#39;ve noticed, most of the textures that are missing begin with &quot;t7_&quot; and the models usually begin with &quot;p7_&quot;<br /> <br />Textures <br />t7_stone_tile_3x2<br />t7_brick_worn_heavy_grout_plaster_r02<br />t7_concrete_trim_moulding_01_wet<br />mtl_fxanim_gp_concrete_trim_beveled_01_crack<br />t7_concrete_planter<br />t7_ceramic_terrazzo_floor_tile_01<br />t7_concrete_floor_broken_01<br />t7_cai_street_sidewalk_old_04<br />t7_plastic_wires_bundles_optical_emissive<br />t7_metal_painted_white_01<br />t7_mud_sledge_wet_03_blend<br />t7_metal_perforated_rust<br />t7_rock_desert_gravel_tan_01<br />t7_ceramic_tile_shower_grey<br /> <br />Found on t7_materials<br />*t7_ceramic_terrazzo_floor_tile_01_c<br />*t7_concrete_planter_c<br />*t7_concrete_trim_beveled_01_c<br />*t7_concrete_floor_broken_01_c<br /> <br /> <br />missing models<br />p7_brick_worn_painted_white_breakout_09<br />p7_concrete_block_dmg_01_64a<br />p7_ladder_metal_secured_guard<br />p7_armoire_wood_varnished_worn_dirty<br />p7_inf_foy_boarding_door_frame_01a<br />p7_inf_foy_boarding_door_rt_01a<br />p7_inf_foy_boarding_door_lt_01a<br />p7_sandbag_short<br />p7_sandbag_stack_32_middle<br />p7_corrugated_sheet_metal_rust_02_wet<br />p7_corrugated_sheet_metal_rust_dmg_01_mp<br />p7_pipe<br />p7_aqu_gate_chainlink_01_right<br />p7_cloth_drape_02_torn_beige<br /> <br /> <br />Should I remove everything from black ops 3 and redownload the game and mod tools again so everything can balance nicely OR should I keep stuff since the next update could fix it all.<br /> <br />Thanks for your time and cooperation and peace.<br /> <br />Message me on steam or discord @ ASTR0x0M3GA</p>
