# models move when you get close to them
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Fil he Modder<br />so i have an ammo crate model that has a lid that can be moved using the pose manipulator, but i was wondering if it&#39;s possible for the lid to automatically open or close depending on how close i am to it, can someone show me how to do that?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br /><blockquote><em>Fil he Modder</em><br />so i have an ammo crate model that has a lid that can be moved using the pose manipulator, but i was wondering if it&#39;s possible for the lid to automatically open or close depending on how close i am to it, can someone show me how to do that?  </blockquote><br /> could be possible in script using:<br />{% highlight php %}
dist = Distance2D( player.origin, ammo_box.origin );

if(dist &lt;= 200)
{
     open_the_box();
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br />like this for example.<br /> <br />Could this be done using script movement (rotate, MoveTo)? or would it be an animation?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Fil he Modder<br /><blockquote><em>Abnormal202</em><br />Fil he Modder so i have an ammo crate model that has a lid that can be moved using the pose manipulator, but i was wondering if it&#39;s possible for the lid to automatically open or close depending on how close i am to it, can someone show me how to do that?    could be possible in script using: dist = Distance2D( player.origin, ammo_box.origin ); if(dist &lt;= 200) { open_the_box(); }   like this for example.   Could this be done using script movement (rotate, MoveTo)? or would it be an animation?</blockquote><br /> I think more of a moveto script than an anim, wouldn&#39;t a trigger_radius work with that? <br />unless it has to be an anim since it&#39;s a crate model with joints</p>
