# Spawning FX with BulletTrace.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: MrNoobington<br />Hi. Was just wondering how I&#39;d spawn an fx at the end of a bullettrace. Eg) The player shoots the floor and an fx is spawned where the shot hits. I&#39;ve looked through the bo3 gsc files but can&#39;t find anything exact. I also somehow mess up when attempting bullettraces.<br />This is what I have currently: <br />[CODE=php] trace = bulletTrace( self getEye(), self getOrigin() - ( 0, 0, 60 ), false, self );[/CODE]<br />[CODE=php] final.origin = trace[&quot;position&quot;];[/CODE]<br />[CODE=php] SpawnFX(&quot;skull_weapon_zombie_mist&quot;, final.origin);[/CODE]<br />[CODE=php] self IPrintLnBold(final.origin);[/CODE]<br /> <br />Also wondering how I&#39;d add gravity to the shot (similarly to the kt4). Would I just put a range limit on the bullettrace and work out how to drop the coords to the ground?<br /> <br />Thanks in advance.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Harry Bo21<br /><blockquote><em>MrNoobington</em><br />Hi. Was just wondering how I&#39;d spawn an fx at the end of a bullettrace. Eg) The player shoots the floor and an fx is spawned where the shot hits. I&#39;ve looked through the bo3 gsc files but can&#39;t find anything exact. I also somehow mess up when attempting bullettraces. This is what I have currently:  trace = bulletTrace( self getEye(), self getOrigin() - ( 0, 0, 60 ), false, self ); final.origin = trace[&quot;position&quot;]; SpawnFX(&quot;skull_weapon_zombie_mist&quot;, final.origin); self IPrintLnBold(final.origin);   Also wondering how I&#39;d add gravity to the shot (similarly to the kt4). Would I just put a range limit on the bullettrace and work out how to drop the coords to the ground?   Thanks in advance.</blockquote><br /> your tracing from player eye, to the 60 units under the players feet<br /> <br />you cant find treyarch doing this because... well... they dont. Theres no need<br /> <br />The kt4 for example doesnt fire bullets, its projectiles, which you can get the impact location from, as for &quot;gravity&quot; as you put it - thats all weapon file settings</p>
