# useraliases not compiling
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Jermz<br />I&#39;ve been using mod tools since its release however long ago and I have never encountered this problem before. I don&#39;t know what to call it other than what&#39;s in the title, but if a person with more experience in this field can help I would appreciate it a lot. I didn&#39;t even realize there was a problem until later on, the sounds I&#39;ve started putting in my useraliase file are not being compiled for whatever reason. Earlier on in my maps development, I put in a few sounds which worked perfectly fine, but from that point on, the sounds after it haven&#39;t worked at all. No compiling errors, the game starts just fine, except the sounds. I&#39;ve looked online for solutions, but none seem to say anything but reinstalling mod tools, which understandably I don&#39;t want to do. Again, any help would be HUGELY appreciated.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Harry Bo21<br /><blockquote><em>Jermz</em><br />I&#39;ve been using mod tools since its release however long ago and I have never encountered this problem before. I don&#39;t know what to call it other than what&#39;s in the title, but if a person with more experience in this field can help I would appreciate it a lot. I didn&#39;t even realize there was a problem until later on, the sounds I&#39;ve started putting in my useraliase file are not being compiled for whatever reason. Earlier on in my maps development, I put in a few sounds which worked perfectly fine, but from that point on, the sounds after it haven&#39;t worked at all. No compiling errors, the game starts just fine, except the sounds. I&#39;ve looked online for solutions, but none seem to say anything but reinstalling mod tools, which understandably I don&#39;t want to do. Again, any help would be HUGELY appreciated.</blockquote><br /> any tutorial that instantly tells you to reinstall the mod tools for whats clearly a mistake - is written by a moron</p>
