# Scripting Lights
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: simplyzak09<br />Hi,<br />Is it possible to have a light that changes color through scripting, and if so how would I go about scripting that ?<br />What I am trying to achieve is, there are 3 switches the player must press to start an Easter egg.<br />However, the player must press them in an order, the player knows what order depends on a light above the switch. <br />so what I want to do is, <br /> <br />switch one will start green and once pressed will turn off<br />switch two will then turn from red to green. once triggered it will also switch off<br />turning switch three from red to green and so on.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br />You can do this two different ways. The first way, that I would probably do, is create an FX for each light. If you don&#39;t how to create an FX, you can look up many tutorials online, it&#39;s all done in radiant. This one might help: <iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PBu6J1F9DrQ" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />Make sure the FX you are creating is a &quot;Dynamic Light&quot;. Once you have your FX for all your lights, I recommend playing them by spawning an invisible model, playing the FX on the &quot;tag_origin&quot; of the model, and when you are ready to get rid of the FX to say, switch to a different light color, you can just Delete() the model.<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
fxorg = util::spawn_model( "tag_origin", location );
PlayFxOnTag( "my_fx/green_light_fx", fxorg, "tag_origin"); {% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />Alternatively you can use exploders. They are a type of light entity that I believe you can switch on/off in script. I&#39;ve never used them before however, but this tutorial could help: <a href="http://wiki.modsrepository.com/index.php?title=Call_of_duty_bo3:_ZM_Exploders">http://wiki.modsrepository.com/index.php?title=Call_of_duty_bo3:_ZM_Exploders</a></p>
