# Stackable DoublePoints!
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Danny<br />If this is a repost I&#39;m sorry, I tried posting once but the website logged me out and it didn&#39;t seem to post it so I have to rewrite this entire post.<br /><br /><br /><br />basically this is a rewrite of the way Double Points works in WaW zombies!<br /><br />I was sitting yesterday bored as heck when I had the idea of stacking the timer for Double Points!<br /><br />because normally it restarts and it is sort of a pest having to run for the blinking powerup at last second to spare every point!<br /><br /><br /><br />here goes!<br /><br /><br /><br />so to do this you must have a text editor (NotePad++ is my personal go-to) and _zombiemode_powerups.gsc<br /><br /><br /><br />first step is to go to the very bottom of the script and paste<br /><br />[CODE=php]dotimer()<br />{<br />  while(1)<br />  {<br />	if( !level.putimer[&quot;dptimeremaining&quot;] == 0 )<br />	{<br />		level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_point_scalar&quot;] = 2;<br />		level.putimer[&quot;dptimeremaining&quot;] -= 1;<br />	}<br />	else<br />	{<br />	break;<br />	}<br />	wait 1;<br />  }<br />}[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />next go to the very top and look for // powerups and paste somewhere<br /><br />[CODE=php]	level.putimer = [];<br />	level.putimer[&quot;dptimeremaining&quot;] = 1;[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />next look for time_remaining_on_point_doubler_powerup() and find<br /><br /><br /><br />[CODE=php]	// time it down!<br />	while ( level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] &gt;= 0)<br />	{<br />		wait 0.1;<br />		level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] = level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] - 0.1;<br />		//self setvalue( level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] );	<br />	}[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />delete<br /><br /><br /><br />[CODE=php]level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] = level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] - 0.1;[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />because it is no longer needed and will just complicate and ruin the way it works now<br /><br /><br /><br />next find<br /><br />[CODE=php]point_doubler_on_hud( drop_item )<br />{<br />	self endon (&quot;disconnect&quot;);<br /><br />	// check to see if this is on or not<br />	if ( level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_on&quot;] )<br />	{<br />		// reset the time and keep going<br />		level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] = 30;<br />		return;<br />	}[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />and delete<br /><br /><br /><br />[CODE=php]level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;] = 30;[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />then use the find and replace function in the text editor of your choice<br /><br />[CODE=php]find<br />level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_time&quot;]<br /><br />replace<br />level.putimer[&quot;dptimeremaining&quot;][/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />then find double_points_powerup( drop_item ) and replace THE ENTIRE FUNCTION with<br /><br /><br /><br />[CODE=php]// double the points<br />double_points_powerup( drop_item )<br />{<br />	level notify (&quot;powerup points scaled&quot;);<br />	level endon (&quot;powerup points scaled&quot;);<br /><br />	//	players = get_players();	<br />	//	array_thread(level,::point_doubler_on_hud, drop_item);<br /><br />	<br />	level.putimer[&quot;dptimeremaining&quot;] += 30;<br />	level thread point_doubler_on_hud( drop_item );<br />	<br />	<br />	dotimer();<br /><br />	level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_powerup_point_doubler_on&quot;] = false;<br />	level.zombie_vars[&quot;zombie_point_scalar&quot;] = 1;<br />}[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />then you should be done! go in game and try it out! feedback would be greatly appreciated! hope I helped. :)<br /><br />hopefully I don&#39;t get logged out again LOL</p>
