# Replace The Zombies Audio - ZC Audio Included!
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: MJPW<br />Hi there! Recently I made a mod with the ZC Zombie sounds and I was requested to release the pack so<br />everyone can change up the Zombie sounds too!<br /> <br />Im really looking forward to how you will make the Zombies sound in your future maps! <br /> <br />You don&#39;t have to credit me all I ask is if you have a Twitter please link me your project once they are<br />released so I can check it out!<br /> <br />Best wishes,<br />- MJPWGaming<br /> <br />Credits<br />- DTZxPorter - Wraith and Sound Alias names<br />- TZ Ghosts - Tester<br />- Activision / Treyarch - Audio Assets<br /> <br /><a href="https://mega.nz/#!yRE1DbRB!SX60__eR3aJkXzAdWO-TnVU521fLDjCoymPi2TVxbfk">Download</a></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ZeRoY<br /><blockquote><em>MJPW</em><br />Hi there! Recently I made a mod with the ZC Zombie sounds and I was requested to release the pack so everyone can change up the Zombie sounds too!   Im really looking forward to how you will make the Zombies sound in your future maps!    You don&#39;t have to credit me all I ask is if you have a Twitter please link me your project once they are released so I can check it out!   Best wishes,- MJPWGaming   Credits- DTZxPorter - Wraith and Sound Alias names- TZ Ghosts - Tester- Activision / Treyarch - Audio Assets  </blockquote><br /> <br />Thanks a bunch!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Fil he Modder<br />cheers man, i&#39;ve been looking for that :D</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: D-2-K<br />Cheers mate</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">xReaction</span></span>:</strong>

<p>hey man, noticed in the instructions.txt that there is a comma missing where u put the example of what we should put in the szc file:<br />{% highlight php %}
{
 &quot;Type&quot; : &quot;ALIAS&quot;,
 &quot;Name&quot; : &quot;user_aliases_dlc5zvox&quot;,
 &quot;Filename&quot; : &quot;user_aliases_dlc5zvox.csv&quot;,
 &quot;Specs&quot; : [ ]
}{% endhighlight %}
should have a comma at the end. just thought i&#39;d let u know dude :)</p>
