# Black Ops 3 - frame drops and stutters fix?
Modme | General

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: The Black Death<br />Hi everyone, I just installed Black Ops III today on my new computer. I&#39;ve been surprised (and disappointed) by the performance. In game and even in the menus I constantly suffer from frame drops to below 30 fps, yet even on the lowest settings I could be getting 200 fps and it will suddenly drop for a short time. It does this about every 5 seconds, too. This has made the game pretty unplayable for me, and I&#39;m wondering whether anyone knows how to fix this problem?<br /><br /><br /><br />As a reference, by the looks of things I should be reaching a constant 60 fps at high settings.<br /><br /><br /><br />My spec:<br /><br />CPU: i3-6100<br /><br />RAM: 16gb DDR4<br /><br />GPU: GTX 1050 Ti<br /><br /><br /><br />It seems to be trying to work as it should; maps load really quick due to the 16gb ram, and outside of the frame drops the GPU provides adequate performance.<br /><br /><br /><br />I&#39;ve looked online for fixes but alas none have worked. If you could possibly provide a solution to this that would be greatly appreciated. Thank you!<br /><br /><br /><br />Also, I don&#39;t know whether GeForce Experience has optimized Black Ops III, and I do have the game ready driver.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: The Black Death<br />Update: it seems that Treyarch&#39;s disgusting optimization for this game has meant that my CPU is being relied on too much, which is stupid. It&#39;s bottlenecking my 1050 Ti it would seem even though the i3-6100 in regular cases works fine with even the RX 470. Nice plays, Treyarch...</p>
