# [Theory] CoD 2019 is a different story/universe than the Modern Warfare we already know
Modme | Video Games

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wild</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey guys, this is my theory on what this year&#39;s &quot;Modern Warfare&quot; will actually be! To see my original Reddit post, click <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/mw4/comments/buhine/theory_codmodern_warare_isnt_the_mw_game_were/">HERE</a>! Below is just a copy of the Reddit post for those of you that would prefer to just read/discuss here on Modme!<br /><br /><br /><br />Hey guys, looking at all the leaks we currently have, also the new &quot;Going Dark&quot; stuff on the Call of Duty Twitter has me thinking of this random theory. Cod:Modern Warfare won&#39;t be part of the Modern Warfare universe we already have. Let me explain.<br /><br />Branding: So we currently have the leaked logo floating around, and the new teasers on Twitter. I have noticed that the MW logo doesn&#39;t seem that similar to the logo&#39;s from the games of the past. On top of that, the new teasers on Twitter are a kind of blue color, while the normal MW branding is green.<br /><br />Leaks that tie into this theory:<br />[LIST=1]<br /><li>Campaign draws inspiration from &quot;No Russian&quot;<br /><li>Campaign is related to modern day terrorist attacks<br /><li>The game is a &quot;soft reboot&quot;<br /></li></li></li>[/LIST]<br />So, let me explain the theory. CoD 2019 is not part of the MW universe from the past, instead a new &quot;Modern Warfare&quot; universe surrounding current day warfare, such as the US fighting ISIS, mass shootings, bombings, etc.. And, looking at the leak about &quot;No Russian&quot;, that&#39;s how it draws inspiration, with mass shootings and such. Now, a soft reboot basically just means that some stuff from the past games will return, but it&#39;s not a full remaster. Well, those returning aspects could simply be the weapons, equipment, and in multiplayer it could mean things like perks.<br /><br />All that kinda makes sense with the new style branding. Same name but different branding could possibly mean new universe, while both still being &quot;Modern Warfare&quot;.<br /><br />Probably a pretty far fetched idea, but I still think it&#39;s interesting to think about lol. Let me know what you guys think!</p>
