# Map won't load when I try testing it.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Jayden1020</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;ve been working on a map for a few days now and so far it&#39;s been coming along nicely, but for some reason now whenever I try loading it after compiling, linking, etc., it just sits on the black screen for awhile like it normally would, then BO3 closes without even giving me an error message. The last changes I made before this happened was build some new areas of the map, delete my litfog volume, add a GKS wallbuy (it&#39;s in my zone file and everything), and expand all my volumes so that I can explore the new areas without stepping outside a volume and dying.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;ve been working on a map for a few days now and so far it&#39;s been coming along nicely, but for some reason now whenever I try loading it after compiling, linking, etc., it just sits on the black screen for awhile like it normally would, then BO3 closes without even giving me an error message. The last changes I made before this happened was build some new areas of the map, delete my litfog volume, add a GKS wallbuy (it&#39;s in my zone file and everything), and expand all my volumes so that I can explore the new areas without stepping outside a volume and dying.<br /></blockquote><br />Same happen to me a couple of months ago.<br />I check and try everything and the only solution I could do is save all the design of my map as a prefabs (but ONLY the design, without scripts), put it in a new map and add all the scripts all over again.<br />I know it sucks and I don&#39;t mean is the only option for you, but if you don&#39;t find or anyone else help with a solution, you can try that.<br />Good luck</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Jayden1020</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Same happen to me a couple of months ago.<br />I check and try everything and the only solution I could do is save all the design of my map as a prefabs (but ONLY the design, without scripts), put it in a new map and add all the scripts all over again.<br />I know it sucks and I don&#39;t mean is the only option for you, but if you don&#39;t find or anyone else help with a solution, you can try that.<br />Good luck<br /></blockquote><br />I&#39;ll keep that in mind. I won&#39;t have time to really work on anything until Saturday so hopefully I can get a better fix for it before then. Thanks for the tip, though.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">vertdex</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Roll it back with the auto saves to when it last worked.......and replace the map file with the autosave map file. Worst case you may have lost a few of the newer additions you created but not the entire map.<br /><br />file location: steam/ steamapps/ common/ call of duty bo3/ radiant /autosaves</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Jayden1020</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Roll it back with the auto saves to when it last worked.......and replace the map file with the autosave map file. Worst case you may have lost a few of the newer additions you created but not the entire map.<br /><br />file location: steam/ steamapps/ common/ call of duty bo3/ radiant /autosaves<br /></blockquote><br />I had to try a few different saves but it worked. This whole thing set me back a bit but it&#39;s definitely better than having to start all the way over. Thx :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Always check the compile log before you go back to an autosave. You will find the problem there 99% of the time.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">StevieBlunder</span></span>:</strong>

<p>remove harrys stuff</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>remove harrys stuff<br /></blockquote><br />please point out where anything to do with me is even mentioned</p>
