# Can someone help or give advice?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Soggy_Shaw</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I keep getting this error when I try to link and compile my map:<br /><br />^1 level.pathdist_type<br /><br />^1-------------------^<br /><br />^1ERR(0) scripts/zm/zm_soggy_flyingship_v1.gsc (122,20)  : syntax error, unexpected TOKEN_IDENTIFIER, expecting $end :     level.pathdist_type<br /><br />I have checked my GSC lines 122 and 20 but there is no misspellings or any mistakes yet I keep getting the error. I haven&#39;t even made any changes to line 122 which is:    level.pathdist_type = PATHDIST_ORIGINAL;<br /><br />I just recently added madgaz&#39;s perk standalone pack and followed the steps in which I had to download libtiff64r.dll from modme. I added that to my BO3 bin file and than after a little more editing of my map I went to link and compile and got this error. <br /><br />Can anyone help with my issue? I would greatly appreciate it.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>might be the line above.<br />post entire function</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Soggy_Shaw</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>might be the line above.<br />post entire function<br /></blockquote><br /><br />this is from line 103 - 137<br /><br /><br />    //starting weapon script<br />    startingWeapon = &quot;s1_atlas45&quot;;<br />    weapon = getWeapon(startingWeapon);<br />    level.start_weapon = (weapon);<br />   <br />    level._zombie_custom_add_weapons =&amp;custom_add_weapons;<br />   <br />    //Setup the levels Zombie Zone Volumes<br />    level.zones = [];<br />    level.zone_manager_init_func =&amp;usermap_test_zone_init;<br />    init_zones[0] = &quot;start_zone&quot;;<br />    level thread zm_zonemgr::manage_zones( init_zones );<br /><br /><br />    //// WARDOGSK93: Start<br />    wardog_addon:: post_init();<br />    //// WARDOGSK93: End<br />}<br /><br />    level.pathdist_type = PATHDIST_ORIGINAL;<br />}<br /><br />function usermap_test_zone_init()<br />{<br /><br />zm_zonemgr::add_adjacent_zone(&quot;start_zone&quot;, &quot;Block_B_zone&quot;, &quot;enter_Block_B_zone&quot; );<br /><br />    level flag::init( &quot;always_on&quot; );<br />    level flag::set( &quot;always_on&quot; );<br />}   <br /><br />function custom_add_weapons()<br />{<br />    zm_weapons::load_weapon_spec_from_table(&quot;gamedata/weapons/zm/zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv&quot;, 1);<br />}</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>You have a closing bracket above it }</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Soggy_Shaw</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>You have a closing bracket above it }<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Isn’t that for wardogs perks? Wouldn’t taking out the closed bracket mess That up?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Isn’t that for wardogs perks? Wouldn’t taking out the closed bracket mess That up?<br /></blockquote><br />how about you try and see</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Soggy_Shaw</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>how about you try and see<br /></blockquote><br /><br />It worked for a little bit but I got an error when running the map. The map still played but it crashed after a couple of rounds. the error said it was a UI error. Thank you for your help. Is there anything else you think it could be?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wild</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Not a scripter or anything so this is just a suggestion, but all of my map GSC&#39;s have that line &quot;level.pathdist_type = PATHDIST_ORIGINAL; &quot; in the function main(). Yours looks like it isn&#39;t and is mixed in with the functions below it instead. You could try cutting it and pasting it at the bottom of the function main() like I have mine:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function main()
{
    zm_usermap::main();

    //-----Perk FX/Lights-----
    level thread perk_init();
    
    level._zombie_custom_add_weapons =&amp;custom_add_weapons;
    
    //Setup the levels Zombie Zone Volumes
    level.zones = [];
    level.zone_manager_init_func =&amp;usermap_test_zone_init;
    init_zones[0] = "start_zone";
    level thread zm_zonemgr::manage_zones( init_zones );

    level.pathdist_type = PATHDIST_ORIGINAL;     &lt;----- PASTE IT HERE     &lt;----- PASTE IT HERE     &lt;----- PASTE IT HERE
}

    level.pathdist_type = PATHDIST_ORIGINAL;     &lt;----- CUT FROM HERE     &lt;----- CUT FROM HERE     &lt;----- CUT FROM HERE

{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />Like I said, not a scripter so I could just have no clue what I&#39;m saying, it&#39;s just an observation that you could try lol</p>
