# Add KVP to a weapon prefab.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Cdub7304</span></span>:</strong>

<p>since I am having no luck changing the weapons cost on my wallbuys through the wepons.csv file, my wallbuy prefabs from craftedanimation can I open a prefab in radiant, enter the prefab select the script struct and give it a kvp of zombie_cost  and a value of day 500 and exit the prefab save and then when I use the prefab later it will have my new cost.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>since I am having no luck changing the weapons cost on my wallbuys through the wepons.csv file, my wallbuy prefabs from craftedanimation can I open a prefab in radiant, enter the prefab select the script struct and give it a kvp of zombie_cost  and a value of day 500 and exit the prefab save and then when I use the prefab later it will have my new cost.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />That&#39;s odd...did you add a folder called gamedata into your map folder? then within that, create one called weapons, then within that create one called zm. And add this line to your zone file: stringtable,gamedata/weapons/zm/zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv<br /><br />It should also be noted you have to copy and pasta the csv into the zm folder. Hope this is helpful</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Cdub7304</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>That&#39;s odd...did you add a folder called gamedata into your map folder? then within that, create one called weapons, then within that create one called zm. And add this line to your zone file: stringtable,gamedata/weapons/zm/zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv<br /><br />It should also be noted you have to copy and pasta the csv into the zm folder. Hope this is helpful<br /></blockquote><br />Thanks for the Idea, but yeah I did all that. Nothing has been working. I did however notice when double checking all the scripts, that the script zm_usermap.csc had the { missing from the start of: give_weapon() so I fixed that and checked the rest of the scripts for any misspellings or other missing characters. recompiled and linked, I just haven&#39;t gotten to test it again.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Cdub7304</span></span>:</strong>

<p>tested weapons cost still at 0 for wallbuys, still not working.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Azazel</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>tested weapons cost still at 0 for wallbuys, still not working.<br /></blockquote><br />I have managed to fix this issue! <br /><br />What i did was I took the levelcommon price, and kept it the way it was.<br />i then added the zombie_cost KVP and made it the same as the levelcommon. This seemed to work. I was able to see the correct price, and purchase it for that price, too.<br /><br />I also removed any spaces i had in the levelcommon file, but im not sure if that has anything to do with it or not. I hope this works for you and anyone else having this issue!!!</p>
