# PHD Flopper Perk v1.0
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">GCPeinhardt</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi everyone!  Today I am releasing my PHD Flopper perk.  Included is everything you need to have PHD in your map<br /><br />Credits<br /><br />GCPeinhardt - Remade perk model and textures, scripting<br />HarryBO21 - Helped with scripting, perk fx<br />Erthrock - Shader<br />MotoLegacy - Shader<br />Scobalula - Greyhound, HydraX<br />DTZxPorter - LUA help<br />Treyarch - Original assets and scripts<br /><br /><a href="https://gyazo.com/b68edfb3f05212928bb11cd84ee8664f">FX</a><br /><br /><a href="https://gyazo.com/c690b1bfd55747482980ed94e8462030">Model</a><br /><br />Download:<br />[ISPOILER]<a href="https://mega.nz/#!GRER3KoA!10YLf9rVxzp_h8UT90d76buO4r78CzCxaO11wOjlFW4">https://mega.nz/#!GRER3KoA!10YLf9rVxzp_h8UT90d76buO4r78CzCxaO11wOjlFW4</a>[/ISPOILER]</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>cool man, hope to see some more perks from you</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Mindmirror</span></span>:</strong>

<p>There are at least four mistakes i can report so far: <br />1. The image name in the zone is wrong. It does not match with the ones in APE. It has to be: image,specialty_divetonuke_zombies Also this image is missing at all.<br />2. In line 168 of _zm_perk_phd_flopper.gsc there is a &quot;)&quot; missing at the end of &quot;self visionset_mgr::activate(&quot;visionset&quot;, PHD_FLOPPER_VISION, self);&quot;<br />3. There is no PhD flopper vending prefab. <br />4. These FX are missing: <br /><br />^1ERROR: Material gfx_flamethrower_smoke was not found in gdtDB<br /><br />material:ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">GCPeinhardt</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>There are at least four mistakes i can report so far:<br />1. The image name in the zone is wrong. It does not match with the ones in APE. It has to be: image,specialty_divetonuke_zombies Also this image is missing at all.<br />2. In line 168 of _zm_perk_phd_flopper.gsc there is a &quot;)&quot; missing at the end of &quot;self visionset_mgr::activate(&quot;visionset&quot;, PHD_FLOPPER_VISION, self);&quot;<br />3. There is no PhD flopper vending prefab.<br />4. These FX are missing:<br /><br />^1ERROR: Material gfx_flamethrower_smoke was not found in gdtDB<br /><br />material:ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br /></blockquote><br />Ahh, thanks for bringing this stuff up.  I’ll fix this up then.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">GCPeinhardt</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>There are at least four mistakes i can report so far:<br />1. The image name in the zone is wrong. It does not match with the ones in APE. It has to be: image,specialty_divetonuke_zombies Also this image is missing at all.<br />2. In line 168 of _zm_perk_phd_flopper.gsc there is a &quot;)&quot; missing at the end of &quot;self visionset_mgr::activate(&quot;visionset&quot;, PHD_FLOPPER_VISION, self);&quot;<br />3. There is no PhD flopper vending prefab.<br />4. These FX are missing:<br /><br />^1ERROR: Material gfx_flamethrower_smoke was not found in gdtDB<br /><br />material:ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def3&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br />^3effect &#39;explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp&#39; segment &#39;wraith_looping_def6&#39;:<br />material ei/gfx_flamethrower_smoke has an invalid atlas, 0 x 0<br />fx:explosions/fx_zmb_phdflopper_exp<br /></blockquote><br />updated now</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Khramos</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hi everyone!  Today I am releasing my PHD Flopper perk.  Included is everything you need to have PHD in your map<br /><br />Credits<br /><br />GCPeinhardt - Remade perk model and textures, scripting<br />HarryBO21 - Helped with scripting, perk fx<br />Erthrock - Shader<br />MotoLegacy - Shader<br />Scobalula - Greyhound, HydraX<br />DTZxPorter - LUA help<br />Treyarch - Original assets and scripts<br /><br /><a href="https://gyazo.com/b68edfb3f05212928bb11cd84ee8664f">FX</a><br /><br /><a href="https://gyazo.com/c690b1bfd55747482980ed94e8462030">Model</a><br /><br />Download:<br />[ISPOILER]<a href="https://mega.nz/#!GRER3KoA!10YLf9rVxzp_h8UT90d76buO4r78CzCxaO11wOjlFW4">https://mega.nz/#!GRER3KoA!10YLf9rVxzp_h8UT90d76buO4r78CzCxaO11wOjlFW4</a>[/ISPOILER]<br /></blockquote><br />Someone please make a mod adding this and the old weapons to the ZC maps.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">GCPeinhardt</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Someone please make a mod adding this and the old weapons to the ZC maps.<br /></blockquote><br />Well I did make a mod with this.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Khramos</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Well I did make a mod with this.<br /></blockquote><br />Huh. Neat.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">roy32</span></span>:</strong>

<p>does anyone still have the downloads i cant find it anywhere</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Noahhyeet</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey man, thanks for releasing this! But I would just like to point out that there currently isn&#39;t a prefab for PHD Flopper. Any chance you would be able to fix that soon?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p>copy another and change the one kvp - its just that simple</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">OneExOne</span></span>:</strong>

<p>One or more shaders have failed to compile.<br /><br />Is anyone else getting that error?<br /><br />Edit: I&#39;ve tried using custom shaders and even that failed. I&#39;ve also noticed some misspellings in the files, even after fixing that it still refuses to work. This perk is just broken.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Arl the Grand</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>One or more shaders have failed to compile.<br /><br />Is anyone else getting that error?<br /><br />Edit: I&#39;ve tried using custom shaders and even that failed. I&#39;ve also noticed some misspellings in the files, even after fixing that it still refuses to work. This perk is just broken.<br /></blockquote><br />I&#39;m getting this error as well. This release is simply broken. There are missing fx assets and other fun stuff. It would be nice if someone could release a working version of PHD for Black Ops 3.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">GCPeinhardt</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m getting this error as well. This release is simply broken. There are missing fx assets and other fun stuff. It would be nice if someone could release a working version of PHD for Black Ops 3.<br /></blockquote><br />I need to fix this, I am currently working on a big patch and making a new thread</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Captain Adams</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Sorry to be a nag, but when you planning on pushing that update out? Or are you still fixing things? Again, sorry, just trying to get some info.</p>
