# Launch Sequence for an Easter Egg.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Khramos</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I am planning on having a sequence for the end of a map I have been working on where you will have to fuel a plane with motor oil that you will find around the map. Would there be any way to have a sequence where zombies will go full sprint and spawn with a boss/ mini boss during this sequence?<br />Another way I could set this up would be to just have players wait for a plane to fuel up before leaving the map.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">modric1337</span></span>:</strong>

<p>well the boss would be easy if u want to use brutus and then use the boss battle script on that and just have a trig activate the battle (or thread the script when ready) Sprinters are possible but I dont have the script on me but it is possible. Finding fuel around the map would be easy too, I wouldnt skip on that for a wait</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Khramos</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>well the boss would be easy if u want to use brutus and then use the boss battle script on that and just have a trig activate the battle (or thread the script when ready) Sprinters are possible but I dont have the script on me but it is possible. Finding fuel around the map would be easy too, I wouldnt skip on that for a wait<br /></blockquote><br />Awesome. I&#39;ve never done a side quest before so I&#39;ll credit a person who&#39;s willing to help me put it together for my next map</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">modric1337</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Ok, yea you could code it from scratch or u could definitely use some of the scripts I have used for what ur describing. If u have a discord I can send u some stuff to get started</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Khramos</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Ok, yea you could code it from scratch or u could definitely use some of the scripts I have used for what ur describing. If u have a discord I can send u some stuff to get started<br /></blockquote><br />My discord is Khroma#4585.</p>
