# .
News and Information | Feedback

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KINGSLAYER</span></span>:</strong>

<p>.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>In addition to this many of us are pissed that streamers make multiple $100 off our maps and don&#39;t give anything back.<br />My maps are by no means masterpieces. Well they&#39;re among the top 5% of the best maps on the workshop but due to the fact that the other 95% are box maps, that means nothing. Madgaz&#39;s maps are masterpieces but I digress.<br />You may argue that people come to see the streamer not the map which is technically right but so many streamers depend on us to make content. I mean they could be making videos about something else but streaming maps is just so much easier and costs 0$ and 2 hours of their time, in which they&#39;re having fun anyway. Also many times they&#39;ll start the video with a: &quot;so many of you sent me this map&quot;..., basically saying the viewers want to see the map get played. Let&#39;s not forget Spuddley. His channel is literally built off our maps. I don&#39;t mind smaller streamers trying to get their channels going. I respect a person with little views/knowledge about a subject trying to make it. I will help them if I know how and have the time (or in this case wouldn&#39;t mind them streaming my map free). I know how it is to start in a new field. Hell when I started modding when the mod tools came out I didn&#39;t know jack shit about this stuff, but with the help of this community I learned how to make somewhat respectable content.<br />From now on my maps will have so many boobs in them the videos won&#39;t last 5 mins on youtube/twitch. Modern problems, modern solutions.<br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(226, 80, 65)]TL;DR [/COLOR]<br />I don&#39;t mind my maps being free. I make them because I like mapping/modding but it&#39;s bullshit that streamers make $1000 off a 2 hour stream while I spend 3 monts- a year making the fucking map, and not giving anything back. I&#39;m talking about the regular streamers not if some random (zombies) youtuber streams it randomly.<br /><br />PS: i wanted lex to play blood run for the meme, ignore him<br /><br />I&#39;m extra pissed off cuz adria airways went bankrupt and i didnt get paid ffs</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KINGSLAYER</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>In addition to this many of us are pissed that streamers make multiple off our maps and don&#39;t give anything back.<br />My maps are by no means masterpieces. Well they&#39;re among the top 5% of the best maps on the workshop but due to the fact that the other 95% are box maps, that means nothing. Madgaz&#39;s maps are masterpieces but I digress.<br />You may argue that people come to see the streamer not the map which is technically right but so many streamers depend on us to make content. I mean they could be making videos about something else but streaming maps is just so much easier and costs and 2 hours of their time, in which they&#39;re having fun anyway. Also many times they&#39;ll start the video with a: &quot;so many of you sent me this map&quot;..., basically saying the viewers want to see the map get played. Let&#39;s not forget Spuddley. His channel is literally built off our maps. I don&#39;t mind smaller streamers trying to get their channels going. I respect a person with little views/knowledge about a subject trying to make it. I will help them if I know how and have the time (or in this case wouldn&#39;t mind them streaming my map free). I know how it is to start in a new field. Hell when I started modding when the mod tools came out I didn&#39;t know jack shit about this stuff, but with the help of this community I learned how to make somewhat respectable content.<br />From now on my maps will have so many boobs in them the videos won&#39;t last 5 mins on youtube/twitch. Modern problems, modern solutions.<br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(226, 80, 65)]TL;DR [/COLOR]<br />I don&#39;t mind my maps being free. I make them because I like mapping/modding but it&#39;s bullshit that streamers make off a 2 hour stream while I spend 3 monts- a year making the fucking map, and not giving anything back. I&#39;m talking about the regular streamers not if some random (zombies) youtuber streams it randomly.<br /><br />PS: i wanted lex to play blood run for the meme, ignore him<br /><br />I&#39;m extra pissed off cuz adria airways went bankrupt and i didnt get paid ffs<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Yeah that&#39;s kind of a sticky situation that most people are in that create maps. I guess the only counter-play to this like you said would be to introduce things that stop people from streaming them on platforms such as YouTube and Twitch. If you really wanted to go the extra length to prevent it you could possibly add a lot of copyrighted materials and hopefully that should keep them away because they definitely don&#39;t want to stream anything that will de-monetize their videos because that&#39;s all that matters to them lol. Maybe boobs are a bad idea for the younger audience that just wants to play the map and have a fun time lol. Bet that would be quite a shock :LOL::ROFLMAO:<br /><br />And yeah that sucks man I&#39;ve been seeing this on the news more and more recently. I hope you&#39;re able to manage, and hopefully get back on your feet. Best wishes man.</p>
