# MW2019 to Black Ops III Conversion Rig
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ThomasCat</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Finally, with the games release out of the way, I can upload the conversion rig I have had ready since late September to ModMe. I hope it serves you well, and you don&#39;t spend too much time porting guns instead of playing the game (COUGH COUGH SKYE). Thanks to Scobalula for providing assets to me early so I could create this wonderful conversion rig. He deserves a nice scooby snacc. For you old chaps that still mod 10 year old games, I will be working on a conversion rig for you.<br /><br />Prerequisites:<br /><ul><li>The weapon is slightly tilted on idle which can cause the weapon to not line up correctly with he ADS. You can correct this by fixing the ADS or editing every anim before export. Whichever one you do, it doesn&#39;t really matter.<br /><li>There are 3 weapon joints that are animated. I chose tag_weapon as that is the most stable of the 3. If you have alignment issues, try to re-constrain to use tag_weapon_right or tag_weapon_left as the weapon joint.<br /><li>Expect some IK animations in some place or another. If you see these for key animations that you need, just recreate your own replacements or attempt to fix them yourself<br /><li>Some anims may be extra bouncy at the end and require you to trim the end in order to be able to shoot right after reloading.<br /><li>Sprint anims are the exact same as IW. Use your preferred method or the script I included with the rig (Import idle, drag the script on, import and blend the sprint anim of your choice).<br /><li>Select the same joints you would for a IW gun.<br /><li>Textures are the same as IW (NOG and CS textures).<br /><li>Meshes are seperate. Combine them like you would a AW gun or WWII Gun.<br /></li></li></li></li></li></li></li></li></ul>Credits (MENTION THESE PEOPLE IF YOU USE THIS RIG IN YOUR CREDITS):<br />ThomasCat<br />Scobalula<br /><br />
<iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/a/2ZmVnbN" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/a/hN8m6Ig" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />
<br /><br /><a href="https://mega.nz/#!4g51mYoR!zvRuoBFPgtsnBPnGepkO8AFyxLpuaMWQlmrWdpcOcI0">Download</a><br /><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF YOU HAVE ANY ISSUES!!!!</span></strong></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ujicos</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Wont be possible to use this for cod4/mw2 would it? since tags are different</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">rainisyourpain</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Wont be possible to use this for cod4/mw2 would it? since tags are different<br /></blockquote><br /><br />no it wouldnt since they both have different joints but IW weapons do work on this rig</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ThomasCat</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Wont be possible to use this for cod4/mw2 would it? since tags are different<br /></blockquote><br />No.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">blood1999</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Wont be possible to use this for cod4/mw2 would it? since tags are different<br /></blockquote><br />Try mw2019 to bo3 rig export seanim weapon animation and bo3 to t5 rig import seanim weapon anim</p>
