# PAP room looks broken (NSZ Teleporter)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi!<br /><br />I have NSZ&#39;s Teleporter installed on my map. The teleportation and spawning works but i have a problem with the PAP and the Random Spawn room.<br />Every single room in my map looks normal except the PAP and the Random Spawn room.<br />The walls, floor, ceiling, models and textures are sometimes invisible when i&#39;m moving around in those rooms.<br />At the beginning my PAP Room was far away from the actual map and i thought that could be the reason<br />but now i completely rebuilt the PAP room in the middle of the map and this bug is still happening.<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0yyzWeF6LPE" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><br />This doesn&#39;t happen on any other place on my map. It&#39;s only those 2 rooms.<br />Has anyone an idea why this is happening?<br /><br />Thanks for any help!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>you dont have any natural sun light going into the room so this happens<br />fix by making a hole and put a vent model there or something</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>you dont have any natural sun light going into the room so this happens<br />fix by making a hole and put a vent model there or something<br /></blockquote><br /><br />thanks,  i tried this but it still happens :(<br /><br />left: pap room, there is a hole in the ceiling and a vent model in there<br />right: random spawn room, hole in the wall with a door model in there<br />[IMG width=&quot;400px&quot;]https://i.imgur.com/4UTiT8V.png[/IMG][IMG width=&quot;400px&quot;]https://i.imgur.com/ka2Kz78.png[/IMG]</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>select the disappearing objects in that room (or the entire room), right click, make non umbra target.<br />DONT NON UMBRA THE WHOLE MAP</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>select the disappearing objects in that room (or the entire room), right click, make non umbra target.<br />DONT NON UMBRA THE WHOLE MAP<br /></blockquote><br /><br />thanks, did this with the pap room and the random spawn room but it still happens. <br /><br />this sucks - i really want to release my map to today because it&#39;s halloween and this is the last thing that stops me from doing so</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>thanks, did this with the pap room and the random spawn room but it still happens.<br /><br />this sucks - i really want to release my map to today because it&#39;s halloween and this is the last thing that stops me from doing so<br /></blockquote><br />another maybe fix is that you move the entire room to a new location</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>another maybe fix is that you move the entire room to a new location<br /></blockquote><br /><br /><br />well...<br /><br /><blockquote>At the beginning my PAP Room was far away from the actual map and i thought that could be the reason<br />but now i completely rebuilt the PAP room in the middle of the map and this bug is still happening. <br /></blockquote><br /><br />BUT i will try it anyway, i guess i don&#39;t have much options left anyway. i&#39;ll make a new and completely empty room and see if that makes a difference</p>
