# Sanity Check Failure (Please help and read whole post)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi all,<br /><br />I recently got this issue when i tried loading my map. It loads fine, but when i start moving around in the camera mode, all of the &quot;view&quot; functions (like camera and xyz view), stop working, and only the thing that works is the top bar. I then close Radiant Black and I am met with this issue:<br /><br /><br />SANITY CHECK FAILURE... (this text is on the clipboard)<br />(pDevice)<br /><br />D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\bin\radiant_modtools.exe<br />Device.cpp:395<br /><br /><br />I have researched this issue and have tried to do the autosave method which helped many people, however i have tried that a bunch of times with no luck.<br /><br />It soon came to my realization that the people with those errors had the error due to a brush or a prefab or something else that was put into their map, because in their error statement it mentioned a prefab or brush, and MINE just mentions the program. So when they restored previous data they were fine again because the program was not affected, just the file.<br /><br />HOWEVER, I think my issue is much more than that. I theorize that there is a fatal error in my radiant_modtools.exe program itself and im not sure how to fix it or what the cause of it is. Thats whyR Radiant Black Edition wont work.<br /><br />Please respond to me A.S.A.P. for any ideas or solutions. Do I have to reinstall the mod tools entirely again? Do i have to verify the integrity of the folders? Any help will be appreciated.<br /><br />Thanks so much,<br />the_bibba_boy<br /><br />REPLY</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hi all,<br /><br />I recently got this issue when i tried loading my map. It loads fine, but when i start moving around in the camera mode, all of the &quot;view&quot; functions (like camera and xyz view), stop working, and only the thing that works is the top bar. I then close Radiant Black and I am met with this issue:<br /><br /><br />SANITY CHECK FAILURE... (this text is on the clipboard)<br />(pDevice)<br /><br />D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\bin\radiant_modtools.exe<br />Device.cpp:395<br /><br /><br />I have researched this issue and have tried to do the autosave method which helped many people, however i have tried that a bunch of times with no luck.<br /><br />It soon came to my realization that the people with those errors had the error due to a brush or a prefab or something else that was put into their map, because in their error statement it mentioned a prefab or brush, and MINE just mentions the program. So when they restored previous data they were fine again because the program was not affected, just the file.<br /><br />HOWEVER, I think my issue is much more than that. I theorize that there is a fatal error in my radiant_modtools.exe program itself and im not sure how to fix it or what the cause of it is. Thats whyR Radiant Black Edition wont work.<br /><br />Please respond to me A.S.A.P. for any ideas or solutions. Do I have to reinstall the mod tools entirely again? Do i have to verify the integrity of the folders? Any help will be appreciated.<br /><br />Thanks so much,<br />the_bibba_boy<br /><br />REPLY<br /></blockquote><br />Kind of hard to know exactly what it is without you posting the entire log. I can actually only assume that you are trying to compile while you still have radiant open. Device means HARDWARE. Usually the sanity error is a DX error.  If it&#39;s not that, please post the entire log so we can help you further.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Kind of hard to know exactly what it is without you posting the entire log. I can actually only assume that you are trying to compile while you still have radiant open. Device means HARDWARE. Usually the sanity error is a DX error.  If it&#39;s not that, please post the entire log so we can help you further.<br /></blockquote><br />Hello, I got my map working again lol. All I did was compile light and link and I was ok. Thanks for your reply though.</p>
