# Sanity Check Failure (Please help and read whole post)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi all,<br /><br />I recently got this issue when i tried loading my map. It loads fine, but when i start moving around in the camera mode, all of the &quot;view&quot; functions (like camera and xyz view), stop working, and only the thing that works is the top bar. I then close Radiant Black and I am met with this issue:<br /><br /><br />SANITY CHECK FAILURE... (this text is on the clipboard)<br />(pDevice)<br /><br />D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\bin\radiant_modtools.exe<br />Device.cpp:395<br /><br /><br />I have researched this issue and have tried to do the autosave method which helped many people, however i have tried that a bunch of times with no luck.<br /><br />It soon came to my realization that the people with those errors had the error due to a brush or a prefab or something else that was put into their map, because in their error statement it mentioned a prefab or brush, and MINE just mentions the program. So when they restored previous data they were fine again because the program was not affected, just the file.<br /><br />HOWEVER, I think my issue is much more than that. I theorize that there is a fatal error in my radiant_modtools.exe program itself and im not sure how to fix it or what the cause of it is. Thats whyR Radiant Black Edition wont work.<br /><br />Please respond to me A.S.A.P. for any ideas or solutions. Do I have to reinstall the mod tools entirely again? Do i have to verify the integrity of the folders? Any help will be appreciated.<br /><br />Thanks so much,<br />the_bibba_boy</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">MadKixs</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I don&#39;t have a solution, but the exact same problem.<br />I could never use the mod tools because of that, so i don&#39;t think it&#39;s due to a brush or a prefab. For me, this is just because I have only 6Gb of memory ... :cautious:<br />Don&#39;t try to reinstall the mod tools, this is useless (or do it only if you have no more solutions).<br /><br />gcpeinhardt seem to know how to solved this : <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/app/455130/discussions/0/350543389010821083/">https://steamcommunity.com/app/455130/discussions/0/350543389010821083/</a><br /><br />2021 EDIT: Adding 2Gb of RAM did solve the problem for me (with the same computer)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I don&#39;t have a solution, but the exact same problem.<br />I could never use the mod tools because of that, so i don&#39;t think it&#39;s due to a brush or a prefab. For me, this is just because I have only 6Gb of memory ... :cautious:<br />Don&#39;t try to reinstall the mod tools, this is useless (or do it only if you have no more solutions).<br /><br />gcpeinhardt seem to know how to solved this : <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/app/455130/discussions/0/350543389010821083/">https://steamcommunity.com/app/455130/discussions/0/350543389010821083/</a><br /></blockquote><br />Thanks for your reply, but sadly he didn&#39;t leave an explanation on the post. Hopefully others come to our aid lol. If I dont get a response son or find a solution (im verifying files now), ill reinstall it.</p>
