# Issue with initial spawn on Black Ops 3 custom map
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BIGCountry77x</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Everytime I try and tst the map I spawn already dead. Its says Ive survived one round and cant play it. Help? I made a prefab of inital spawn points from a default template by selecting the 9 points and R clicking and saving it as a prefab. Do I need to do anything else when I put that prefab into my map? I did put the Player_Start things int here too...</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>this happening on all of your maps? <br /><br />when you make a brand new map it will already have all the basic stuff loaded in for you<br />not sure why you&#39;re manually adding spawn points<br /><br />its not necessary<br /><br /><br />anyway there could be numerous amounts of things causing game over right when you start<br />do you have zones set up? and your spawn points are inside the start_zone ?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BIGCountry77x</span></span>:</strong>

<p>This is my first time trying to make a map. I don&#39;t like the template it creates at start so I deleted it all and started from scratch. I do have the zone set up and have the spawn points in the start_zone. Maybe Im making it more difficult than it needs to be and should just use the default new map settings.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>your making it much worse dude<br /><br />just use the default template like 100% of mappers<br /><br />go watch some introductory videos on youtube, otherwise you will be lost and no one wants to hold your hand when its already been taught<br />should get you started - he has a lot of tutorials and there are a lot more out there<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tj7guP_ZeUI" frameborder="0"></iframe></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BIGCountry77x</span></span>:</strong>

<p>U have watched ALOT of vids. Which one of them said to do it this way. Anyway, thanks for the &quot;advice&quot;</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>U have watched ALOT of vids. Which one of them said to do it this way. Anyway, thanks for the &quot;advice&quot;<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I can try to help you if you&#39;re still having this problem</p>
