# Map with multiple skies
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Currently starting another map project and before i dived deeply into this, wanted to ask you guys something.<br /><br />Is it possible to create 6 map areas (they are not connected, player travelling through them using teleport) with different skyboxes?<br /><br />Can I just use multiple umbra,fpstool,sun,etc for each map area and setup 6 suns?<br /><br />Or do I need to do this stuff through the scripts?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Currently starting another map project and before i dived deeply into this, wanted to ask you guys something.<br /><br />Is it possible to create 6 map areas (they are not connected, player travelling through them using teleport) with different skyboxes?<br /><br />Can I just use multiple umbra,fpstool,sun,etc for each map area and setup 6 suns?<br /><br />Or do I need to do this stuff through the scripts?<br /></blockquote><br />You can just use different skyboxes, no need multiple umbra, fps tool, etc...<br />I have 3 differents skyboxes in my map, so is possible.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>You can just use different skyboxes, no need multiple umbra, fps tool, etc...<br />I have 3 differents skyboxes in my map, so is possible.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Cool! So it will be enough to cover one area with fpstool and stuff? or I need to cover all of them with one fpstool stuff?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>cover the whole map with umbra and fpstool but have a sun volume for every section</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>cover the whole map with umbra and fpstool but have a sun volume for every section<br /></blockquote><br />Got it. Thanks.</p>
