# Custom voices for characters
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey all,<br /><br />My friends and I are interested in making custom voices for our characters at lots of different scenarios. <br /><br />For example, we’re intending to do the voices for basically everything that the regular characters say. <br /><br />So, are there any tutorials or links for an ENTIRE step by step process to do this? There seems to be no tutorials on YouTube or on the web for something like this, but I know it’s possible.<br /><br />Thanks,<br />The_bibba_boy</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>lol why do you need a tutorial to replace a .wav sound?<br /><br />just download a voice pack and overwrite the sounds...<br />or<br />you can make a new template from scratch, which i dont advise<br /><br />if you&#39;re not familiar with how sounds are set up in this game go watch some tutorials on youtube</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>lol why do you need a tutorial to replace a .wav sound?<br /><br />just download a voice pack and overwrite the sounds...<br />or<br />you can make a new template from scratch, which i dont advise<br /><br />if you&#39;re not familiar with how sounds are set up in this game go watch some tutorials on youtube<br /></blockquote><br />Sorry, I’m super unfamiliar with sounds in the mod tools and I’ll do some research on how they work. It’s my first map...<br /><br />Thanks very much for your help and suggestions though!</p>
