# "The Giant" voice quotes error while linking
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi all,<br /><br />I have recently downloaded &quot;The Giant&quot; character voice quotes from Scobula. Here is the link:<br /><a href="https://forum.modme.co/threads/the-giant-voice-pack.2394/">https://forum.modme.co/threads/the-giant-voice-pack.2394/</a><br /><br />I downloaded everything and tried my best to follow the instructions. (im inexperienced with map making and maybe I made an error or two). I go to compile and link the map and im met with this error:<br /><br />ERROR: D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\share\raw\sound\aliases\zm_factory_vox.csv<br />ERROR: Missing required column Name<br />ERROR: Missing required column Storage (etc.....)<br /><br />These errors go on for a long time including things like &quot;Missing required column Storage, FileSpec, Template etc.<br /><br />I believe this is what is causing my issue, because the audio for the characters never play in game. If anyone knows a solution then please let me know. I will also try a new reinstall and will edit this post if it is successful. <br /><br />Regards,<br />the_bibba_boy</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hi all,<br /><br />I have recently downloaded &quot;The Giant&quot; character voice quotes from Scobula. Here is the link:<br /><a href="https://forum.modme.co/threads/the-giant-voice-pack.2394/">https://forum.modme.co/threads/the-giant-voice-pack.2394/</a><br /><br />I downloaded everything and tried my best to follow the instructions. (im inexperienced with map making and maybe I made an error or two). I go to compile and link the map and im met with this error:<br /><br />ERROR: D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\share\raw\sound\aliases\zm_factory_vox.csv<br />ERROR: Missing required column Name<br />ERROR: Missing required column Storage (etc.....)<br /><br />These errors go on for a long time including things like &quot;Missing required column Storage, FileSpec, Template etc.<br /><br />I believe this is what is causing my issue, because the audio for the characters never play in game. If anyone knows a solution then please let me know. I will also try a new reinstall and will edit this post if it is successful.<br /><br />Regards,<br />the_bibba_boy<br /></blockquote><br />I had a similar error long time ago, but this<br />Either way, I&#39;m gonna send you my user_alias that works fine and you can test with that</p>
