# Zeroy's Rain - How to restrict the rain to certain map zone/area.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I successfully implemented the rain on my map following this <a href="https://wiki.zeroy.com/index.php?title=Call_of_Duty_bo3:_Modding">tutorial.</a><br /><br />But I need to restrict the rain to certain zone.<br /><br />My map is consisting of several separate small areas. Each one has it&#39;s own volume_sun. These areas are really far from each other and not connected (only with teleports).<br /><br />One zone- winter with snow. Another - foggy beach. Another one - rainy forests.<br /><br />The thing is -I need rain only in forests. How can I achieve that?<br /><br />I think it can be done using lighting states.<br /><br />For example Zeroy is using this stuff to turn the rain off:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
function watch_lightstate() // for debug
{

    level waittill(&quot;power_on&quot;); // Wait until power is switched on

    level clientfield::set(&quot;rain_fx_stop&quot;, 1); //Stops the rain
  
    wait 0.5;

    level clientfield::set(&quot;decal_toggle&quot;, 1); //Hide the decals

    wait 0.5;

    level util::set_lighting_state( 1 ); // Set new Lightstate
}{% endhighlight %}
<br />Or maybe this code could be used:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
function rain_toggle( localClientNum, oldVal, newVal, bNewEnt, bInitialSnap, fieldName, bWasTimeJump )
{
    if(newVal)
    {
        level.rain_fx_enabled = false;
    } else {
        level.rain_fx_enabled = true;
    }
}{% endhighlight %}
<br />So maybe it is possible to set rain to use only 1 lighting state, which will be set for certain volume_sun I need and set other volume_suns to different states.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I think it could be also done with clip texture all over the areas, where I don&#39;t need the rain. This way the game will think this is indoor areas and will stop generate the rain. Need to test it though.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Clip method doesnt work</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">genrix41</span></span>:</strong>

<p>As stupid as it is but the fake building simulation worked. I placed the brush with random texture all over the part of the map where I dont need the rain. The side of the brush visible to the player was caulked.</p>
