# Vertex mode working incorrect
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bukin73</span></span>:</strong>

<p>When im press V, im going to vertex mode, but, i have only green vertexes. And i cant drag to select multiple vertexes, if im press alt, i just can move object.<br />And i cant choose multiple vertexes. Only one (Im trying do that with pressed ctrl, shift, alt, ctrl+atl, ctrl+shift+alt and others, but in still not choosing more that one)<br />When im use patching vortex working correct. How to fix it, or this is normal?<br />Look at screenshots for understand what I mean.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>When im press V, im going to vertex mode, but, i have only green vertexes. And i cant drag to select multiple vertexes, if im press alt, i just can move object.<br />And i cant choose multiple vertexes. Only one (Im trying do that with pressed ctrl, shift, alt, ctrl+atl, ctrl+shift+alt and others, but in still not choosing more that one)<br />When im use patching vortex working correct. How to fix it, or this is normal?<br />Look at screenshots for understand what I mean.<br /></blockquote><br />Verts don&#39;t work on brushes. You need to press E to do what you want on brushes.<br />For patches, to select the verts, you need to hold left click and drag a rectangle around the verts you want to select. To select many far away verts, hold ctrl and hold left click multiple times.<br />If you knew all of this, then your settings are messed up</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bukin73</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Verts don&#39;t work on brushes. You need to press E to do what you want on brushes.<br />For patches, to select the verts, you need to hold left click and drag a rectangle around the verts you want to select. To select many far away verts, hold ctrl and hold left click multiple times.<br />If you knew all of this, then your settings are messed up<br /></blockquote><br />But i saw in video how man choose brush and press v. And he got all points, not just green on corners.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bukin73</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Aww<br />I saw that video not fully</p>
