# Map porting from Black Ops 2
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Asset Importing

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BlackRex</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello everyone, recently I&#39;ve decided to port over buried from Black Ops 2 into Black ops 3 using the expansive mod tools, I&#39;ve used 2 tools called Husky and Greyhound to export each model and texture of the map and I&#39;m trying to get help as to how I import everything into Blender and then export it as Xmodel to then put into Radiant, I&#39;m very new to this, I&#39;ve never used any mod tools before but I do have blender and 3d software related experience. I&#39;d love to get as much help as I&#39;m able to with this and I&#39;ll pay for some help.<br /><br />Links:<br /><a href="https://github.com/CoDEmanX/blender-cod">https://github.com/CoDEmanX/blender-cod</a> (Tool I cant figure out how to use for exporting Xmodels for blender)<br /><a href="https://github.com/Scobalula/Greyhound">https://github.com/Scobalula/Greyhound</a> (Tool I used to export animations and textures)<br /><a href="https://github.com/Scobalula/Husky">https://github.com/Scobalula/Husky</a> (Tool I used to export an OBJ of the entire map)<br /><br />P.S. I&#39;d be over the moon if some of you helped me get scripts for BO2 weapons and some other perks like Vulture Aid and Banana Colada (Wanted to add this just for fun)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">tmk_boi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)][DISCLAMER READ BOTTOM][/COLOR] well go into maya and drag in the .obj file husky gave you, then download the cod tools (there is alot of tutorials) for maya and then export as a xmodel_export and then as usual export it 2 bin with whatever app and then make it an xmodel in bo3<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(0, 168, 133)]also message me on discord at Yeet#2082 on discord i can provide you with almost everything[/COLOR]<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER DO ALL OF THE MODELS AND TEXTURES[/COLOR]<br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(44, 130, 201)]what husky is for is to give a representation off the map to build of with brushes etc...almost every remastered map/remake uses husky but does not use it ingame. husky simply on builds geo for you to work off and copy and [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(247, 218, 100)]actually use it ingame (what i mean by this is use it in radiant but always delete it before you test the map)[/COLOR]</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BlackRex</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)][DISCLAMER READ BOTTOM][/COLOR] well go into maya and drag in the .obj file husky gave you, then download the cod tools (there is alot of tutorials) for maya and then export as a xmodel_export and then as usual export it 2 bin with whatever app and then make it an xmodel in bo3<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(0, 168, 133)]also message me on discord at Yeet#2082 on discord i can provide you with almost everything[/COLOR]<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER DO ALL OF THE MODELS AND TEXTURES[/COLOR]<br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(44, 130, 201)]what husky is for is to give a representation off the map to build of with brushes etc...almost every remastered map/remake uses husky but does not use it ingame. husky simply on builds geo for you to work off and copy and [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(247, 218, 100)]actually use it ingame (what i mean by this is use it in radiant but always delete it before you test the map)[/COLOR]<br /></blockquote><br />Is there a way to do it using blender and not maya? i&#39;d rather use a software im familiar with.. also why shouldnt I use it in game if its all the geometry?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)][DISCLAMER READ BOTTOM][/COLOR] well go into maya and drag in the .obj file husky gave you, then download the cod tools (there is alot of tutorials) for maya and then export as a xmodel_export and then as usual export it 2 bin with whatever app and then make it an xmodel in bo3<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(0, 168, 133)]also message me on discord at Yeet#2082 on discord i can provide you with almost everything[/COLOR]<br /><br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER DO ALL OF THE MODELS AND TEXTURES[/COLOR]<br /><br />[COLOR=rgb(44, 130, 201)]what husky is for is to give a representation off the map to build of with brushes etc...almost every remastered map/remake uses husky but does not use it ingame. husky simply on builds geo for you to work off and copy and [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(184, 49, 47)]NEVER [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(247, 218, 100)]actually use it ingame (what i mean by this is use it in radiant but always delete it before you test the map)[/COLOR]<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I half agree with you here, but not entirely. You can&#39;t use the ripped OBJ and convert to an xmodel. It simply is too big, and crashes radiant.<br /><br />However,  you can absolutely use the ripped GEO and buildings, providing you split it up into separate XMODELS (COD blender tools), then re-import them separately...i.e. split into separate buildings, roads, vista geo, vista buildings  I have done this, and BO3 Handles it fine. However, what you want to do when its finally all loaded in, is split it back up into Prefabs, and make Clips around each model for collision and texture type (as xmodels don&#39;t carry this information)<br /><br />Do not correct Axis to 0,0,0 or it will not be in the correct place in re-import. Keep in mind that You must be below 40,000 tri&#39;s to get an xmodel to work the conventional way (without Porters Xmodel converter tool), then APE will load it just fine without having a fit.<br /><br />I also disagree with the texture export. I rip all textures, and all xmodels (not combined GDT - with textures). I go into the xmodel directory, search *.png (or tiff..or whatever you use), copy all into the &quot;textures&quot; directory. When it asks to overwrite, click yes. When it completes, all the model textures will be hilighted. Delete them. This way you have no duplicate textures between the main texture directory and the models .<br /><br />You can also use Makecents&#39; tool C3IG (use google) which converts xmodel_export to xmodel_bin, and creates a GDT.<br /><br />If this sounds like too much work (and it is...i&#39;ve been doing this shit for years before greyhound and husky), then you either spend more time learning the tools, or wait until someone does it for you. Good luck. You&#39;ll need it ;)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">tmk_boi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I half agree with you here, but not entirely. You can&#39;t use the ripped OBJ and convert to an xmodel. It simply is too big, and crashes radiant.<br /><br />However,  you can absolutely use the ripped GEO and buildings, providing you split it up into separate XMODELS (COD blender tools), then re-import them separately...i.e. split into separate buildings, roads, vista geo, vista buildings  I have done this, and BO3 Handles it fine. However, what you want to do when its finally all loaded in, is split it back up into Prefabs, and make Clips around each model for collision and texture type (as xmodels don&#39;t carry this information)<br /><br />Do not correct Axis to 0,0,0 or it will not be in the correct place in re-import. Keep in mind that You must be below 40,000 tri&#39;s to get an xmodel to work the conventional way (without Porters Xmodel converter tool), then APE will load it just fine without having a fit.<br /><br />I also disagree with the texture export. I rip all textures, and all xmodels (not combined GDT - with textures). I go into the xmodel directory, search *.png (or tiff..or whatever you use), copy all into the &quot;textures&quot; directory. When it asks to overwrite, click yes. When it completes, all the model textures will be hilighted. Delete them. This way you have no duplicate textures between the main texture directory and the models .<br /><br />You can also use Makecents&#39; tool C3IG (use google) which converts xmodel_export to xmodel_bin, and creates a GDT.<br /><br />If this sounds like too much work (and it is...i&#39;ve been doing this shit for years before greyhound and husky), then you either spend more time learning the tools, or wait until someone does it for you. Good luck. You&#39;ll need it ;)<br /></blockquote><br />nope its really easy and it doesnt crash radiant <br /><br />bo3 mod tools also come with a app called export2bin so yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and gdt&#39;s are easy to make <br /><br />also its used to build off of maps not make it with the model itself</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>nope its really easy and it doesnt crash radiant<br /><br />bo3 mod tools also come with a app called export2bin so yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and gdt&#39;s are easy to make<br /><br />also its used to build off of maps not make it with the model itself<br /></blockquote><br /><br />You missed my point entirely. Read what you want to read, dude.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ThomasCat</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>(and it is...i&#39;ve been doing this shit for years before greyhound and husky)<br /></blockquote><br /><br />BWAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bunnyboy05</span></span>:</strong>

<p>message me if you need help Discord Bunnyboy05#0955</p>
