# I cannot load my map
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kricket</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;ve been working on this map for weeks, and it was working fine until I did a little too much work without checking my map. Now every time I try to load my map it gets stuck on the black loading screen and doesn&#39;t load. The reason why I need help is because even after I redid the zones because I found out they overlapped, and I commented out all the new files I made, and it still won&#39;t load. I&#39;m assuming there is something else in radiant I&#39;m doing wrong, so if anyone else has had this issue I&#39;d appreciate you telling me how you fixed it. Thanks.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;ve been working on this map for weeks, and it was working fine until I did a little too much work without checking my map. Now every time I try to load my map it gets stuck on the black loading screen and doesn&#39;t load. The reason why I need help is because even after I redid the zones because I found out they overlapped, and I commented out all the new files I made, and it still won&#39;t load. I&#39;m assuming there is something else in radiant I&#39;m doing wrong, so if anyone else has had this issue I&#39;d appreciate you telling me how you fixed it. Thanks.<br /></blockquote><br />Infinite loading screen most likely means you have a while(1) loop without any wait() in it. Check newly installed scripts</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">FreddyMaster</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;ve been working on this map for weeks, and it was working fine until I did a little too much work without checking my map. Now every time I try to load my map it gets stuck on the black loading screen and doesn&#39;t load. The reason why I need help is because even after I redid the zones because I found out they overlapped, and I commented out all the new files I made, and it still won&#39;t load. I&#39;m assuming there is something else in radiant I&#39;m doing wrong, so if anyone else has had this issue I&#39;d appreciate you telling me how you fixed it. Thanks.<br /></blockquote><br />This happened to me. I fixed it by going to my root folder\radient and picking a previous autosave for my map. I then saved the autosave as the current file and it worked! I hope this helps you</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kricket</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Infinite loading screen most likely means you have a while(1) loop without any wait() in it. Check newly installed scripts<br /></blockquote><br />I added waits to all my while(1) loops and it is still stuck on an infinite loading screen. When I watch the frames it almost jumps straight to 60 which makes me think its not even trying to load my map, is there anything I did in radiant that could cause that, and if not, any other scripting errors?, if you need my scripts let me know. <br /><br /><blockquote>This happened to me. I fixed it by going to my root folder\radient and picking a previous autosave for my map. I then saved the autosave as the current file and it worked! I hope this helps you </blockquote> <br />I reset it back a bit and it was still making these errors. I&#39;d like to find the cause and fix it rather than resetting the hours of work I put in, as I spent a lot of time working before my last check. If there&#39;s nothing else I&#39;ll do it, but right now, I&#39;d like to find a cause. If anyone can help, I&#39;d appreciate it. Thanks</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">FreddyMaster</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I added waits to all my while(1) loops and it is still stuck on an infinite loading screen. When I watch the frames it almost jumps straight to 60 which makes me think its not even trying to load my map, is there anything I did in radiant that could cause that, and if not, any other scripting errors?, if you need my scripts let me know.<br /><br /><br />I reset it back a bit and it was still making these errors. I&#39;d like to find the cause and fix it rather than resetting the hours of work I put in, as I spent a lot of time working before my last check. If there&#39;s nothing else I&#39;ll do it, but right now, I&#39;d like to find a cause. If anyone can help, I&#39;d appreciate it. Thanks<br /></blockquote><br />You may have to go in and delete one by one until it loads</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kricket</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>You may have to go in and delete one by one until it loads<br /></blockquote><br />I finally got it to work, there was one script that didn&#39;t work and everything else did. Thank you so much.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">FreddyMaster</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I finally got it to work, there was one script that didn&#39;t work and everything else did. Thank you so much.<br /></blockquote><br />np man</p>
