# Instant Death upon zm modded map start (please help)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I have read about and implemented every answer to this problem that I can find on steam and still every time I try to test my map you die before the map even loads in.<br />Methods tried:<br />added informational zones with KVP<br />KVP (targetname start_zone#) #=number of zone<br />KVP script_noteworthy player_volume<br />KVP target start_zone#_spawners #=number of zone<br />have all necessary zone areas such as door coding, sun volume for level, the models for things etc.. please help me i really want this map to work.<br />also added in my user maps scripts zm zm_mapname.gsc<br />(<br />function usermap_test_zone_init()<br />{<br />zm_zonemgr::add_adjacent_zone(&quot;start_zone&quot;, &quot;start_zone1&quot;, &quot;enter_start_zone1&quot;);<br />zm_zonemgr::add_adjacent_zone(&quot;start_zone1&quot;, &quot;start_zone2&quot;, &quot;enter_start_zone2&quot;);<br />zm_zonemgr::add_adjacent_zone(&quot;start_zone1&quot;, &quot;start_zone3&quot;, &quot;enter_start_zone3&quot;);<br />zm_zonemgr::add_adjacent_zone(&quot;start_zone3&quot;, &quot;start_zone4&quot;, &quot;enter_start_zone4&quot;);<br />level flag::init( &quot;always_on&quot; );<br />level flag::set( &quot;always_on&quot; );<br />}<br />)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>to clarify these helpful hints were from Steam Workshop discussions.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kricket</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>to clarify these helpful hints were from Steam Workshop discussions.<br /></blockquote><br />First thing to check is to make sure your zone is stretched over the spawn area in all dimensions, secondly some code may be missing from your script right there. If this isn&#39;t in your main under zm_usermap::init();  , then you need to add it:<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function main(){
    zm_usermap::init();


    level.zones = [];
    level.zone_manager_init_func =&amp;usermap_test_zone_init;
    init_zones=[];
    init_zones[0] = "start_zone";
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />If in radiant you pressed the new button, this should all be in the gsc file already, but if you changed an unnamed radiant file into this map, then there will be some other issues. If you need any other help you can message me on discord: EuphoricKarizma#0228</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I changed a bit to match what you were saying in the GSC file.... as things were different even tough radiant is what originally made these maps coding.<br />What I had...<br />zm_usermap::main()  instead of zm_usermap::init() and It had a number in the level.zones[]. going to check it as I write this... *waiting*<br />**New error presented**<br />^1ERR(6E) scripts/zm/zm_fm.gsc (87,0) : Compiler Internal Error : Unresolved external &#39;zm_usermap::init&#39;<br />I&#39;ve changed it back to the original less the number trying it again my friends map works without the number but has main this is the thinking behind this change<br />This made it start the game but again kills player upon level start. *Double checking my zone sizes*<br />All zones cover the entire area in which the area the player should be able to move around in said zone is supposed to be. The number has no effect<br />*Trying one last time to run** **nope**</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kricket</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I changed a bit to match what you were saying in the GSC file.... as things were different even tough radiant is what originally made these maps coding.<br />What I had...<br />zm_usermap::main()  instead of zm_usermap::init() and It had a number in the level.zones[]. going to check it as I write this... *waiting*<br />**New error presented**<br />^1ERR(6E) scripts/zm/zm_fm.gsc (87,0) : Compiler Internal Error : Unresolved external &#39;zm_usermap::init&#39;<br />I&#39;ve changed it back to the original less the number trying it again my friends map works without the number but has main this is the thinking behind this change<br />This made it start the game but again kills player upon level start. *Double checking my zone sizes*<br />All zones cover the entire area in which the area the player should be able to move around in said zone is supposed to be. The number has no effect<br />*Trying one last time to run** **nope**<br /></blockquote><br />Can you show me some screenshots of the zone selected, with its kvps showing, and some screenshots of your gsc file<br />Thanks.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Can you show me some screenshots of the zone selected, with its kvps showing, and some screenshots of your gsc file<br />Thanks.<br /></blockquote><br />yeah but you need to add me on discord I friend requested you.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>yeah but you need to add me on discord I friend requested you. my bad didn&#39;t see the add.<br /></blockquote></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>some coding was wrong zones work.. now to fix the doors and spawners<br />For anyone interested my player spawn points were apparently below my map <br />credit to kricket for figuring it out, also sorry my doors confused us (lol, creating doors.... yeah.. sigh)</p>
