# Zombies don't spawn
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>as far as I know I have everything needed for zombies to spawn on my map. However neither floor zombies or window zombies spawn. I have the zombie factory and as far as I know the code for zombies and all required things are present. If someone would help me this would be nice. On a positive note after fixing the player spawn thanks to help here from kricket I was able to fix my doors to the point that you can buy them, they block the openings, and when bought you can walk through into the next zone but the door doesn&#39;t move.. I&#39;ll be fine with this as it technically works.. lol but for this map to be viable and play/publishable I need my zombies to work.. please help me thanks..</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>as far as I know I have everything needed for zombies to spawn on my map. However neither floor zombies or window zombies spawn. I have the zombie factory and as far as I know the code for zombies and all required things are present. If someone would help me this would be nice. On a positive note after fixing the player spawn thanks to help here from kricket I was able to fix my doors to the point that you can buy them, they block the openings, and when bought you can walk through into the next zone but the door doesn&#39;t move.. I&#39;ll be fine with this as it technically works.. lol but for this map to be viable and play/publishable I need my zombies to work.. please help me thanks..<br /></blockquote><br />is there a round counter on the bottom left of the screen?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>is there a round counter on the bottom left of the screen?<br /></blockquote><br />yes, It says round 1 and stays that way.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>yes, It says round 1 and stays that way.<br /></blockquote><br />Then either your spawner doesn&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_forcespawn 1</pre><br />Or the spawnpoints don&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_noteworthy riser_location or spawn_location</pre><br />or the spawn points are not targeted by the zone you&#39;re in</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Then either your spawner doesn&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_forcespawn 1</pre><br />Or the spawnpoints don&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_noteworthy riser_location or spawn_location</pre><br />or the spawn points are not targeted by the zone you&#39;re in<br /></blockquote><br />thanks I will look to find out.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Then either your spawner doesn&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_forcespawn 1</pre><br />Or the spawnpoints don&#39;t have the kvp<br /><pre>script_noteworthy riser_location or spawn_location</pre><br />or the spawn points are not targeted by the zone you&#39;re in<br /></blockquote><br /><span style="color:rgb(97, 189, 109);">zombie spawn point has script_noteworthy | riser_location</span><br /><span style="color:rgb(84, 172, 210);">how ever neither the red box on the floor (zombie spawner/spawn point) or the redbox on the wood receiver on the build-able barrier window spawnpoint have the script_have the script_forcespawn | 1..</span><br />So my question is does it go on the window bow or the floor box or does it go on the zombie factory? (<span style="color:rgb(97, 189, 109);">Answered Question with testing of options</span>)<br />**<strong>EDIT** </strong><span style="color:rgb(255, 255, 255);">I would revise this to ask Does it go on the small red box that is behind and linked to the riser or does it go on the slightly bigger red box that is on the riser, or does it go on the Zombie factory? </span><span style="color:rgb(97, 189, 109);">(Answered Question with testing of options)</span><br />**<strong>EDIT** </strong>Tested placing it on the risers and on the floor box (nothing changed (still doesn&#39;t spawn). Went to go test it on the factory and found that it already had this script.<br /> So, all three of these possible fixes don&#39;t work.<br />**<strong>EDIT** <span style="color:rgb(226, 80, 65);">Formatting &amp; Grammar</span></strong></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I got it working but it won&#39;t upload now.. I posted a new help forum for that, i had forgot to add the zombie code to the zones.. the start_zone#_spawners</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wunderzorro</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>is there a round counter on the bottom left of the screen?<br /></blockquote><br />I&#39;m having the same issue, except there is no round number on the bottom left.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m having the same issue, except there is no round number on the bottom left.<br /></blockquote><br />Yes, there was. I had misplaced the player spawners below the map</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m having the same issue, except there is no round number on the bottom left.<br /></blockquote><br />YOu deleted the spawner or changes the kvps</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ayuugo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>It&#39;s like Spiki said or your spawners aren&#39;t properly connected</p>
