# Looking for help, will pay
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Models & Animation

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">MyNameIsNobody</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Someone is already helping me with this.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dick_Nixon</span></span>:</strong>

<p>lol replying to your own post 5 days later with a snarky comment about how no one is approaching you to help you is kinda self centered. try actually reaching out to one of the people who has done this kinda stuff publically, like me, or Thomas Cat( god rest his soul ), and I bet you&#39;d actually get a response.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">MyNameIsNobody</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>lol replying to your own post 5 days later with a snarky comment about how no one is approaching you to help you is kinda self centered. try actually reaching out to one of the people who has done this kinda stuff publically, like me, or Thomas Cat( god rest his soul ), and I bet you&#39;d actually get a response.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Ya, maybe you&#39;re right. I can see why you would think that. I genuinely was surprised, but when you put it like that and make me realize I only posted this on Monday I realize how short of time it&#39;s actually been. Time goes by extremely slow for me. Sorry for the snarkiness!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dick_Nixon</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Ya, maybe you&#39;re right. I can see why you would think that. I genuinely was surprised, but when you put it like that and make me realize I only posted this on Monday I realize how short of time it&#39;s actually been. Time goes by extremely slow for me. Sorry for the snarkiness!<br /></blockquote><br />well, like I said, maybe you should end up approaching people who can actually do this stuff. just shoot me a friend request at my discord handle ( &lt;Warden Noise&gt;#9146 ), and we can go from there. I&#39;ve got a good handle on rigging/animating characters, so it shouldn&#39;t be an issue.</p>
