# Pickup And Place Model(s)
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">sharpgamers4you</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Alright, guys,<br /><br />I just finished my script (<em>took me several days</em>)<br />This script allows the player to pick up any model and<br />place it somewhere <em>(you choose)</em><br /><br /><span style="font-size:1.5em;"><strong>This script has 2 versions!<br /><br />Version 1</strong></span><br /><em>is just picking up an item and place it somewhere.</em><br /><span style="font-size:1.5em;"><strong>Version 2</strong></span><br /><em>is Pick up an item but you need to turn on the power before you can pick it up!<br />If you go to the location to pick the item up it won&#39;t be there.</em><br /><br /><br /><span style="font-size:1.6em;"><strong>First things first!</strong></span><br />Let&#39;s start with credits.<br /><em>Feel free to copy and paste it into your credit section.</em><br /><br /><span style="font-size:1.6em;"><strong>Credits to,<br />Sharpgamer4you:</strong></span><br /><em>Scripting function to pick up/place a model and prefabs.</em><br /><span style="font-size:1.6em;"><strong>Jules:</strong></span><br /><em>Helping to make a prefab for version 1 and scripting for the function to place the item.</em><br /><span style="font-size:1.6em;"><strong>Scary Branden:</strong></span><br /><em>Helping with scripting to Version 2 (waiting until power is on)</em><br /><br />With that said let us install this script!<br /><br />
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t0mFMlDZnkf7xBOTFZIo-2qx2V8Z7yFb/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t0mFMlDZnkf7xBOTFZIo-2qx2V8Z7yFb/view?usp=sharing</a><br />
<br />
Open it up and you&#39;ll see a <strong>BO3 Root</strong><br />Folder.<br />Open that folder and drag the <strong>map_source</strong><br />folder into your bo3 root.<br /><br /><strong>once that&#39;s done open your map name.CSG<br />(NOT CSC)<br /><br />Search for the following line,</strong><br /><em>&quot;zm_usermap::main();&quot;</em><br /><br /><strong>Paste the following script under it,</strong><br /><blockquote>//SG4Y Pickup/Place Model(s)<br />        thread pickup_book();<br />        thread pickup_easter_egg();<br /></blockquote><br /><br /><br /><strong>Now go to the very bottom and paste the following script,</strong><br /><blockquote>//SG4Y &amp; Jules Pickup/Place Model(s) Funsction V1<br />function pickup_book() {<br /><br />    wait(0.05);<br />    trig = GetEnt(&quot;trig_up&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    mod = GetEnt(&quot;mod_up&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    level.mod_down = GetEnt(&quot;mod_down&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    level.trig_down = GetEnt(&quot;trig_down&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    level.trig_down setCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;);<br />    level.trig_down setHintString(&quot;Press [&amp;&amp;1] to place the book&quot;);<br />    level.mod_down hide();<br />    level.trig_down hide();<br /><br />    trig setCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;);<br />    trig setHintString(&quot;Press [&amp;&amp;1] to pickup the book!&quot;);<br /><br />    while(1) {<br /><br />        trig waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player);<br />        mod delete();<br />        trig delete();<br />        thread place_book();<br /><br />    }<br /><br />}<br /><br />function place_book() {<br /><br />    wait(0.05);<br />    level.trig_down show();<br /><br />    while(1) {<br /><br />        level.trig_down waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player);<br />        level.mod_down show();<br />        level.trig_down delete();<br /><br />    }<br /><br />}<br /><br />//SG4Y &amp; Scary Brandon easter egg pickup V2<br />function pickup_easter_egg() {<br /><br />    wait(0.05);<br />    trig = GetEnt(&quot;trig_stone_up&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    mod = GetEnt(&quot;stone_mod_up&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />        trig hide();<br />        mod hide();<br />    level.stone_mod_down = GetEnt(&quot;stone_mod_down&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    level.stone_trig_down = GetEnt(&quot;stone_trig_down&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />    level.stone_trig_down setCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;);<br />    level.stone_trig_down setHintString(&quot;Press [&amp;&amp;1] to place the stone&quot;);<br />    level.stone_mod_down hide();<br />    level.stone_trig_down hide();<br />        level flag::wait_till( &quot;power_on&quot; );<br />        trig show();<br />        mod show();<br /><br /><br />    trig setCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;);<br />    trig setHintString(&quot;Press [&amp;&amp;1] to pickup the stone!&quot;);<br /><br />    while(1) {<br /><br />        trig waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player);<br />        player playsound(&quot;zmb_craftable_pickup&quot;);   //change the zmb_craftable_pickup to a name of a sound you want.<br />        mod delete();<br />        trig delete();<br />        thread easter_egg_place();<br /><br />    }<br /><br />}<br /><br />function easter_egg_place() {<br /><br />    wait(0.05);<br />    level.stone_trig_down show();<br /><br />    while(1) {<br /><br />        level.stone_trig_down waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player);<br />                player playsound(&quot;zmb_craftable_pickup&quot;);   //change the zmb_craftable_pickup to a name of a sound you want.<br />        level.stone_mod_down show();<br />        level.stone_trig_down delete();<br /><br />    }<br /><br />}<br /></blockquote><br /><strong>Now open radiant!</strong><br /><br />right-click and select misc then Prefab.<br />(<em>or use Prefab browser by pressing </em><strong>B</strong><br /><em>then going into</em> &quot;<strong>misc</strong><br /><em>then</em> &quot;<strong>Prefab</strong><br /><em>go into the folder</em> <strong>zm</strong><br /><em>then you should see a new folder called </em><strong>sg4y</strong><br /><em>open it up<br />and you&#39;ll see Version 1 and Version 2.)<br /><br />Again version 1 is that the player can pick it up as usual.<br />version 2 is that the player needs to turn on the power first otherwise the trigger and model will not spawn.</em><br /><br />Now choose what version you want and put it into your map.<br />You can stamp the prefab by right-clicking select <strong>prefab</strong><br />then <strong>Stamp prefab</strong><br /><em>This will allow you to change the models.</em><br /><br /><strong>place the models wherever you want.</strong><br /><br /><em>That&#39;s all.</em><br /><br /><strong>Note,</strong><br />you can copy the function(s) script as many as you want but make sure to rename the triggers and models so it won&#39;t interact with the others.<br />
<br />
<span style="font-size:1.6em;"><strong>Here is a detailed video tutorial,</strong></span><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UUD_2RzlIS8" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><a href="http://www.youtube.com/sharpgamers4you">http://www.youtube.com/sharpgamers4you</a><br />
</p>
