# User Alias Sounds Not Working
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Jake3050</span></span>:</strong>

<p>My SZC matches my alias name so I don&#39;t know why there is no sound for custom weapons and perks in my map? Help would mean so much :)<br />491<br />492</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>This is a total tutorial I did a couple of years ago.<br /><br />First thing you will need to do is insert a “script_struct”.<br />This can be located in the entity browser under the heading “Script”. Click on it, and drag “struct” into either the 2D or 3D viewport.<br />(right click near the menus at the top if the Entity Browser screen isn’t displayed and click it).<br /><br />If you did it right, you will have a small red box on your screen.<br /> <br />Move it to where you want the sound to come from, then click on it, and go to the “Entity Info” screen.  (N)<br />(right click near the menus at the top if the Entity Info screen isn’t displayed and click it).<br /><br />In Entity Info, there will be a box called “targetname”<br />In the box to the right of it, titled “Value” (click it), type whatever it is that is will be categorised as. In this example, I will use fire.<br /> <br />On the bottom right of the screen, click the ADD KVP button.<br /><br />On the screen, a window appeared with Key and Value fields.<br />Enter the following:<br />Property/Key: script_label<br />Value: looper<br /> <br />…then click “Add”.<br /><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">It’s very important to note here, that NO spaces can be used. If you want a space, use an UNDERSCORE “ _ “ instead, and if you used CAPITALS anywhere, it must be the same throughout the script files you modify.</span></strong><br /><br />Click ADD KVP again, and enter the following: (you can put anything in value..fire, water, fog, rain etc., but you must keep it consistent throughout the “adding the sound” process.<br /> <br />Property/Key: script_sound<br />Value: (name of sound in alias file) eg. amb_small_fire<br />Again, Click Add.<br /><br />Now open the file located in your Call of Duty Black Ops III\share\raw\sound\aliases directory called  “user_aliases.csv” using either Wordpad, or preferably Microsoft Excel. <br /><br />In the first column under “Name”, you type what you typed in the script_struct second KVP value..In this example, “amb_small_fire”.<br />In the fourth column is the file path and filename. This is relative to the sound_assets directory located in your BO3 folder. <br /><br />So in the fourth column, I type “fire\amb_fire_sml.wav” (without the quotes). <br /><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">If you don’t get the paths to the file correct in this “user_aliases.csv” file, then the map won’t compile.<br />If you are downloading a sample file, it must be stereo, and 48 Khz. If you don’t follow this, your map won’t compile, and you’ll get an error:</span></strong><br /><span style="text-decoration: underline"><strong>ERROR: F:\Steam\SteamApps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\sound_assets\wind\amb_fire_sml.wav</strong></span><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">ERROR: wav is not 48k sample rate</span></strong><br /><br />You can re-sample audio with something like “Audacity”, a free audio editing program and re-sample it up to or down to 48000.<br /><br />Other important values:<br />Volmin and Volmax columns relate to at what volume should the sound start, and what is the maximum volume it should be allowed to reach.<br /><br />DistMaxDry and DistmaxWet relates to how close you have to be to hear it, and the overall radius of the sound.<br />If you make the value too low, you will have gaps between hearing it, so you’ll have to play around with the values to get it right for your situation. If you are after an ambient sound, leave these values blank.<br /><br />Pantype: is 2D or 3D. In this case, we’re using 3D.<br /><br />Pan: value is “front”, as we want the panning between the speakers to go left to right or right to left when you’re facing it. Obviously, if you want to make some weird surround sound creations, you play around with front or back values.<br /><br />Looping: It makes the sound Loop over and over. If you don’t want it to loop, leave it blank, otherwise, type “LOOPING” in the field (case specific).<br /><br />Priority: Sets priority level of sounds in the map.<br /><br />There is a lot of other elements\headings to address, but that is covered in the documentation in your \Call of Duty Black Ops III\docs_modtools folder: Sound_Mod_Docs.pdf<br /><br />Finally, compile your map. If you did everything right and managed to compile it without errors, you’ll have sound when you test it.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Jake3050</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>This is a total tutorial I did a couple of years ago.<br /><br />First thing you will need to do is insert a “script_struct”.<br />This can be located in the entity browser under the heading “Script”. Click on it, and drag “struct” into either the 2D or 3D viewport.<br />(right click near the menus at the top if the Entity Browser screen isn’t displayed and click it).<br /><br />If you did it right, you will have a small red box on your screen.<br /><br />Move it to where you want the sound to come from, then click on it, and go to the “Entity Info” screen.  (N)<br />(right click near the menus at the top if the Entity Info screen isn’t displayed and click it).<br /><br />In Entity Info, there will be a box called “targetname”<br />In the box to the right of it, titled “Value” (click it), type whatever it is that is will be categorised as. In this example, I will use fire.<br /><br />On the bottom right of the screen, click the ADD KVP button.<br /><br />On the screen, a window appeared with Key and Value fields.<br />Enter the following:<br />Property/Key: script_label<br />Value: looper<br /><br />…then click “Add”.<br /><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">It’s very important to note here, that NO spaces can be used. If you want a space, use an UNDERSCORE “ _ “ instead, and if you used CAPITALS anywhere, it must be the same throughout the script files you modify.</span></strong><br /><br />Click ADD KVP again, and enter the following: (you can put anything in value..fire, water, fog, rain etc., but you must keep it consistent throughout the “adding the sound” process.<br /><br />Property/Key: script_sound<br />Value: (name of sound in alias file) eg. amb_small_fire<br />Again, Click Add.<br /><br />Now open the file located in your Call of Duty Black Ops III\share\raw\sound\aliases directory called  “user_aliases.csv” using either Wordpad, or preferably Microsoft Excel.<br /><br />In the first column under “Name”, you type what you typed in the script_struct second KVP value..In this example, “amb_small_fire”.<br />In the fourth column is the file path and filename. This is relative to the sound_assets directory located in your BO3 folder.<br /><br />So in the fourth column, I type “fire\amb_fire_sml.wav” (without the quotes).<br /><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">If you don’t get the paths to the file correct in this “user_aliases.csv” file, then the map won’t compile.<br />If you are downloading a sample file, it must be stereo, and 48 Khz. If you don’t follow this, your map won’t compile, and you’ll get an error:</span></strong><br /><br /><span style="text-decoration: underline"><strong>ERROR: F:\Steam\SteamApps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\sound_assets\wind\amb_fire_sml.wav</strong></span><br /><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">ERROR: wav is not 48k sample rate</span></strong><br /><br />You can re-sample audio with something like “Audacity”, a free audio editing program and re-sample it up to or down to 48000.<br /><br />Other important values:<br />Volmin and Volmax columns relate to at what volume should the sound start, and what is the maximum volume it should be allowed to reach.<br /><br />DistMaxDry and DistmaxWet relates to how close you have to be to hear it, and the overall radius of the sound.<br />If you make the value too low, you will have gaps between hearing it, so you’ll have to play around with the values to get it right for your situation. If you are after an ambient sound, leave these values blank.<br /><br />Pantype: is 2D or 3D. In this case, we’re using 3D.<br /><br />Pan: value is “front”, as we want the panning between the speakers to go left to right or right to left when you’re facing it. Obviously, if you want to make some weird surround sound creations, you play around with front or back values.<br /><br />Looping: It makes the sound Loop over and over. If you don’t want it to loop, leave it blank, otherwise, type “LOOPING” in the field (case specific).<br /><br />Priority: Sets priority level of sounds in the map.<br /><br />There is a lot of other elements\headings to address, but that is covered in the documentation in your \Call of Duty Black Ops III\docs_modtools folder: Sound_Mod_Docs.pdf<br /><br />Finally, compile your map. If you did everything right and managed to compile it without errors, you’ll have sound when you test it.<br /></blockquote><br /><br /><br />Thank you for replying! I am using Skye&#39;s Bo4 weapons and I&#39;m 99% sure I set it up correctly. The weapons work,  just no custom sounds play. Same with perk drinking. I know this probably isn&#39;t a radius issue but I&#39;m confused why this isn&#39;t working. My other maps work fine.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thank you for replying! I am using Skye&#39;s Bo4 weapons and I&#39;m 99% sure I set it up correctly. The weapons work,  just no custom sounds play. Same with perk drinking. I know this probably isn&#39;t a radius issue but I&#39;m confused why this isn&#39;t working. My other maps work fine.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Read through that tutorial carefully. One step missed and it just won&#39;t work. Could be anything.. a space in a name instead of a _ underscore, a captilisation where there shouldn&#39;t be. That shit always caught me.</p>
