# “Error linking script”
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi all,<br /><br />When I try to “Run” my map from either BO3 zombies or the Mod Tools launcher, im met with this issue when the map is loading.[ATTACH type=&quot;full&quot; alt=&quot;Annotation 2020-03-16 113215.png&quot;]493[/ATTACH][ATTACH type=&quot;full&quot; alt=&quot;Annotation 2020-03-16 113246.png&quot;]494[/ATTACH]<br /><br /><br />To keep in mind, I did not add anything new to my scripts or edit them in any way.<br /><br />However, I did clear out and delete some of my storage from my computer. BUT, i made sure NOT to delete any files from August 2019 and on (since thats when I got BO3 and the mod tools together.) Does anyone think that I accidentally deleted any files for the mod tools while doing so, and thats what is causing this? <br /><br />Also, I do not get any script errors while &quot;compiling&quot; or &quot;linking&quot; my map. It does that just fine.<br /><br />If anyone has a solution please let me know, as i cannot test my map out: only build it.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Check the files in the /usermaps directory. Looks like you have some files missing or paths wrong.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>it means a script didnt get loaded into the map. Either you forgot to add it to the zone or you deleted it. What does the launcher say when you link?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Check the files in the /usermaps directory. Looks like you have some files missing or paths wrong.<br /></blockquote><br />I went back to a recent backup of my .map file and I didn’t get this issue again. I’m not sure what happened, but if the issue persists I will check what I can. Thanks for your reply and I will message you in this forum if I have any other issues relating to this.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>it means a script didnt get loaded into the map. Either you forgot to add it to the zone or you deleted it. What does the launcher say when you link?<br /></blockquote><br />I went back to a recent backup of my .map file and I didn’t get this issue again. I’m not sure what happened, but if the issue persists I will check what I can. Thanks for your reply and I will message you in this forum if I have any other issues relating to this. Also, I did not delete anything from my scripts so I’m not sure why this is going on. The linker basically says nothing about any of these “missing” things.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p>like spiki said, a script is missing<br /><br />by that i mean a #using is in your script, but that isnt in your zone<br />if developer mode works for you turn that on, itll tell you which script is missing</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>like spiki said, a script is missing<br /><br />by that i mean a #using is in your script, but that isnt in your zone<br />if developer mode works for you turn that on, itll tell you which script is missing<br /></blockquote><br />I fixed it already, but thanks for your reply. It turns out my custom music and gun files were missing lol. I plopped them back in as well and loaded my most current save and everything worked fine</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">1CrazyGamer</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>like spiki said, a script is missing<br /><br />by that i mean a #using is in your script, but that isnt in your zone<br />if developer mode works for you turn that on, itll tell you which script is missing<br /></blockquote><br />How do you use developer mode?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>How do you use developer mode?<br /></blockquote><br />in the launcher click dvars and then check developer 1 or 2</p>
