# Compiling and Linking dont add things to In-Game
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey all,<br /><br />Im having issues with my compiling and linking. When I compile and link with &quot;ignore errors&quot;, nothing new is being added to the actual game. However, when I go into Radiant, the things that I have added are there. They have not been deleted. Nothing ever says that its getting added and linked, no matter how many times I recompile and link. I know nothing is being added because I have added many new weapons and models and they are not linking when I click &quot;link&quot; and let is finish entirely. <br /><br />Also, the process is stopped at a certain point when I dont have &quot;ignore errors&quot; clicked. Here is where is stops: <br /><br />ERROR: MAX_WINDINGS_PER_CONCAVE_GROUP (32768) exceeded<br />Try -blocksize 0.<br /><br />Im not sure what this means, and i have no idea if this is causing my issue.<br /><br />If anyone has a fix or knows a solution, please let me know ASAP.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Vertasea</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Your compile and link failed and stopped therefore it didn&#39;t update your map. The error is most likely because you have messed up brushes or you use clip generator and it made a brush have to many sides</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Your compile and link failed and stopped therefore it didn&#39;t update your map. The error is most likely because you have messed up brushes or you use clip generator and it made a brush have to many sides<br /></blockquote><br />I fixed the issue a while ago, and it was a prefab that had a lot of decal patches. Thanks for your reply though</p>
