# How to make a zombies map out of a pre-existing model?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wunderzorro</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello! I&#39;m currently working on a zombies map that is a pre-existing model from a different game. I&#39;m currently working on the zones and all that, but I have a problem. Every time I test the zombie map I die immediately. I set up the spawns, volumes, everything. That&#39;s what I&#39;ve been doing and even though the character is fully within the start zone I keep dying. What should I do?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Vertasea</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Make sure you have the following kvp&#39;s on the info_volume:<br /><br />targetname = start_zone<br />script_noteworthy = player_volume<br />target = start_zone_spawners<br />--------------------------------<br /><br />Also using &quot;pre-existing&quot; models from another game has nothing to do with you dying, it&#39;s because you didn&#39;t have the kvps correct, or you are spawning the players in a different zone that isn&#39;t activated. Also you need to ensure that all of your zones are setup in your zm_mapname.gsc although start_zone will work by default</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wunderzorro</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Make sure you have the following kvp&#39;s on the info_volume:<br /><br />targetname = start_zone<br />script_noteworthy = player_volume<br />target = start_zone_spawners<br />--------------------------------<br /><br />Also using &quot;pre-existing&quot; models from another game has nothing to do with you dying, it&#39;s because you didn&#39;t have the kvps correct, or you are spawning the players in a different zone that isn&#39;t activated. Also you need to ensure that all of your zones are setup in your zm_mapname.gsc although start_zone will work by default<br /></blockquote><br />I figured it out. It was because the player spawn entity was too close to the spawn points. Now I&#39;m just trying to figure out how to have the zombies actually spawn even though I set up the spawns and everything.</p>
