# Buy/Grab weapon from the floor
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p>A little quick question<br />Anyone know how can I put a weapon in the map like in a table or something like that, so you can just go and grab it and either the weapon dissapear or it just stays there so another player can go and grab it too?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>A little quick question<br />Anyone know how can I put a weapon in the map like in a table or something like that, so you can just go and grab it and either the weapon dissapear or it just stays there so another player can go and grab it too?<br /></blockquote><br />just put a wallbuy on a table<br />or drag the gun from the entity browser for a 1 time use</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>just put a wallbuy on a table<br />or drag the gun from the entity browser for a 1 time use<br /></blockquote><br />Thanks a lot :D<br /><br />The weapon from the entity browser works fine, but I wonder if there&#39;s a way to use this method to pick up the weapon multiple times? in case you change the weapon<br /><br />I have this little weird bug with some wallbuys that I make it as usual but the map doesn&#39;t open, that&#39;s why I can&#39;t use the wallbuy this time</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thanks a lot :D<br /><br />The weapon from the entity browser works fine, but I wonder if there&#39;s a way to use this method to pick up the weapon multiple times? in case you change the weapon<br /><br />I have this little weird bug with some wallbuys that I make it as usual but the map doesn&#39;t open, that&#39;s why I can&#39;t use the wallbuy this time<br /></blockquote><br />would have to manually code it in<br /><br /><br /><span style="font-size:1.7em;"><strong>entity &lt;actor&gt; DropWeapon(<em>&lt;weapon name&gt;</em>,<em>&lt;hand&gt;</em>,<em>[velocity]</em>,<em>[angular velocity]</em>,<em>[scavenger]</em>)</strong></span><br />[LIST=1]<br /><ul><li><strong>[MANDATORY]</strong> &lt;weapon name&gt; (string) The name of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[MANDATORY]</strong> &lt;hand&gt; (string) The tag to throw the weapon from.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [velocity] (vector) The initial velocity of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [angular velocity] (vector) The initial angular velocity of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [scavenger] (bool) If the weapon requires the player to have scavenger perk to pick up the weapon.<br /></li></li></li></li></li></ul><li><strong>CATEGORY: </strong>AI<br /><strong>CLIENT/SERVER: </strong>Server<br /><strong>SUMMARY: </strong>Drop the actor&#39;s weapon<br /><strong>EXAMPLE: </strong>self DropWeapon(self.weapon, self.anim_gunHand, throwVel)<br /></li>[/LIST]</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>would have to manually code it in<br /><br /><br /><span style="font-size:1.7em;"><strong>entity &lt;actor&gt; DropWeapon(<em>&lt;weapon name&gt;</em>,<em>&lt;hand&gt;</em>,<em>[velocity]</em>,<em>[angular velocity]</em>,<em>[scavenger]</em>)</strong></span><br />[LIST=1]<br /><li><ul><li><strong>[MANDATORY]</strong> &lt;weapon name&gt; (string) The name of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[MANDATORY]</strong> &lt;hand&gt; (string) The tag to throw the weapon from.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [velocity] (vector) The initial velocity of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [angular velocity] (vector) The initial angular velocity of the weapon.<br /><li><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong> [scavenger] (bool) If the weapon requires the player to have scavenger perk to pick up the weapon.<br /></li></li></li></li></li></ul><li><strong>CATEGORY: </strong>AI<br /><strong>CLIENT/SERVER: </strong>Server<br /><strong>SUMMARY: </strong>Drop the actor&#39;s weapon<br /><strong>EXAMPLE: </strong>self DropWeapon(self.weapon, self.anim_gunHand, throwVel)<br /></li></li>[/LIST]<br /></blockquote><br />Damn, ok I&#39;m gonna need to try that and see what happen xD<br />Thanks Harry</p>
