# What does the umbra volume do?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Chroma</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Trying to optimise the template map and get rid of anything not needed.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Vertasea</span></span>:</strong>

<p>The only things you need to remove from the template map are:<br /><br />First open the entity list in radiant and look for these 2<br /><br />actor_zm_nuked_basic_01 - this is in the nocompile layer.<br />if you compile it by accident it will give you errors. It&#39;s a left over and no idea why they kept it in.<br /><br />volume_fpstool - this does nothing for modtools. Was only used in base game. (words from a Treyarch dev)<br /><br /><br />Do not get rid of Umbra it&#39;s needed. It&#39;s responsible for a lot of optimizations.<br />You can remove the mystery box prefab or you can make it work. up to you.<br />You can replace the actor_spawner_zm_factory_zombie with the usermap one.<br />and do yourself a favor get PaP out of the ground.<br /><br />Or you can wait till I release my template level with tons of extras, fixes, and more.<br />No clue when I will release it yet. I have no date on anything I work on. I don&#39;t like feeling rushed.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Or you can open and change all this in the template map - then every time you make a map it’ll already be done</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Chroma</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Or you can open and change all this in the template map - then every time you make a map it’ll already be done<br /></blockquote><br />That&#39;s what I&#39;ve done.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Chroma</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>The only things you need to remove from the template map are:<br /><br />First open the entity list in radiant and look for these 2<br /><br />actor_zm_nuked_basic_01 - this is in the nocompile layer.<br />if you compile it by accident it will give you errors. It&#39;s a left over and no idea why they kept it in.<br /><br />volume_fpstool - this does nothing for modtools. Was only used in base game. (words from a Treyarch dev)<br /><br /><br />Do not get rid of Umbra it&#39;s needed. It&#39;s responsible for a lot of optimizations.<br />You can remove the mystery box prefab or you can make it work. up to you.<br />You can replace the actor_spawner_zm_factory_zombie with the usermap one.<br />and do yourself a favor get PaP out of the ground.<br /><br />Or you can wait till I release my template level with tons of extras, fixes, and more.<br />No clue when I will release it yet. I have no date on anything I work on. I don&#39;t like feeling rushed.<br /></blockquote><br />That would be great. I&#39;ve made my own, adding in a fog volume, changing the sun shadow resolution from 2000 to 100, adding the extra perks, replacing the mystery box with a prefab pack I downloaded, and a list of credits for each extra thing for me to copy and paste into the final product as I use them.</p>
