# Harrybo21 staff parts
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I’m using Harry’s guns pack and ive used it in several maps since I was fortunate enough to download it before it was (understandably) taken down. However, the staff and sliquifier parts do not appear in game. I have done it several times in other maps, and if I make a new map now the parts will appear in there, just not this one specific map. If this has happened to anyone, help is greatly appreciated!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>are you 100% sure that the buildable script gets called? Generally thats the culprit in your situation. Or maybe you just linked and forgot to compile. Or theres a problem with the compiling and it doesn&#39;t update the entities</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>are you 100% sure that the buildable script gets called? Generally thats the culprit in your situation. Or maybe you just linked and forgot to compile. Or theres a problem with the compiling and it doesn&#39;t update the entities<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I’m pretty sure it is getting called since the parts for the dragon shield and the acidgat do show (should’ve mentioned that). I’ve have compiled and linked multiple times since this has been happening. The entities are getting updated because I can change everything else just not staff or sliquifer parts</p>
