# Zombie traversal to enter the map
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Undead Munchies</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I&#39;m trying to get my zombies to spawn in outside of the map and climb over a tall wall to enter, instead of the traditional window or ground spawn. The problem is I can&#39;t get them to actually climb.<br /><br />I have tried setting them as &quot;find_flesh&quot;, and they stood still after spawning. So I decided to make the first begin node work as &quot;reciever_set_entry_***&quot;. Once I did that, they started walking, but they now walk in place wherever they get pushed as if they have a clip leading in front of them wherever they go. My next solution was to take one of Treyarch&#39;s wall traversal prefabs and edit it to fit the scale of my wall. Neither &quot;find_flesh&quot;, nor &quot;reciever_set_entry_***&quot; worked. They still just walk in place. I would like to also note that this is not an issue with the zombies or spawners themselves because when I edit the wall to create a clear walking path to the playable area, they function as intended. My wall is also shorter than both the original prefab I used, and also shorter than the animations I have selected, so height is not the issue here.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Chroma</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Have you changed the zombie actor?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">nightmare0161</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Go on youtube and download jbirds traversals and follow his instructions, thats if you havent already treyarchs dont work</p>
