# Map crashes with GSC error. Can't figure out what the problem is.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p>heyoo,<br /><br />So i worked on a map. It worked with all scripts / custom weapons etc. that are in my map until i added HB21&#39;s nova crawler and made 1 or 2 pretty small changes on my gsc/csc files but im not exactly sure now what i changed.<br />I installed all necessary packs and followed exactly the instructions on how to add the nova crawlers so maybe it has nothing to do with it.<br />However, when i link and compile the map WITH nova crawlers then i run into said gsc error and the game crashes right at the start with:<br /><br /><pre>Error linking script &#39;scripts/zm/zm_snow.gsc&#39;</pre><br /><br />There are btw no errors when i link the map.<br /><strong>when i link and compile the map WITHOUT the nova crawlers i run into an infinite loading/blackscreen where my fps counter is stuck and nothing happens.</strong><br />^ this leads me to believe that it has nothing to do with the nova crawlers but it was the last thing i added so i dont know &#129335;‍♂️<br /><br />How i added the nova crawlers:<br />- i installed HB21 Fx pack, shellshock pack, anim pack (i didnt follow the instructions inside the anim pack i just copied over the files, just like Hb21 wrote in his thread) and finally the nova crawlers (yes the scripts are placed inside scripts/zm).<br />- added this to my gsc under staminup:<br /><pre>#using scripts\zm\_zm_ai_quad;</pre><br />- added this to my csc under staminup:<br /><pre>#using scripts\zm\_zm_ai_quad;</pre><br />- added this to my zone:<br /><pre>scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/_zm_ai_quad.gsc</pre><br /><pre>scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/_zm_ai_quad.csc</pre><br /><br />i removed the nova crawlers for testing by just commenting out the ai quad lines inside the scripts and zone file.<br /><br />It&#39;s absolutely possible that i made a mistake somewhere but i can&#39;t figure out what exactly could be wrong.<br /><br />GSC: <a href="https://pastebin.com/R8TpUvYM">https://pastebin.com/R8TpUvYM</a><br />CSC: <a href="https://pastebin.com/2VMnpKrw">https://pastebin.com/2VMnpKrw</a><br />ZONE: <a href="https://pastebin.com/rH9uFCEe">https://pastebin.com/rH9uFCEe</a><br /><br />I really hope someone has an idea what could be wrong because the map is almost done and this is the one thing that stops me from continuing.<br /><br />Thanks for any help!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">MyNameIsNobody</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I could be wrong but you have {% highlight php %}{% raw %}
level.dog_rounds_allowed = false;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />I have always used<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
//disable dogs
    level.dog_rounds_allowed = 0;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />But maybe they are interchangeable? Anyways try how I have it and see if it makes a difference.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Anyways try how I have it and see if it makes a difference.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />The map has worked before with this parameter and i just checked another map that i&#39;ve released and is working and it&#39;s also using <pre>level.dog_rounds_allowed = false;</pre>.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">MyNameIsNobody</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Makes sense they would both work, just wasn&#39;t sure</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p>after experimenting around a bit changing stuff and linking the map 20 times i got to the point where my map works and launches if i comment out the nova crawlers from the gsc/csc/zone.<br />now i need to find out why i still get a gsc linking error whenever i try to launch the map with nova crawlers enabled. i went through all instructions, did them again, checked if i have indeed downloaded and copied all files correctly but i can&#39;t find any mistakes.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p>yea ok damn my bad, i finally found the problem. i mixed up the prefabs and accidentally placed a spawner instead of the actor &#129318;‍♂️</p>
