# Wallbuy Cost 0 but it's still purchasable?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">TomDaDankEngine</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I have a few custom weapons I downloaded a while ago and have had implemented in an old map that I have recently gotten to updating.  But for some reason a few of them show [Cost: 0] for the price. I know this usually means they were implemented incorrectly and it will not work but when I go to buy it, it still takes away points and gives me the gun. I haven&#39;t seen this before and I&#39;m completely stumped on how to fix the price. I have quadruple checked my zone file, zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv, and even the wallbuy prefabs themselves and I cannot find anything wrong. Anyone able to offer a potential fix? It would be greatly appreciated!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">FrostIceforge</span></span>:</strong>

<p>It might be that you have too many weapons in your zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv. Try temporarily removing most of the weapons besides the ones with the [Cost: 0] glitch. Let me know if that works.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>So I have a few custom weapons I downloaded a while ago and have had implemented in an old map that I have recently gotten to updating.  But for some reason a few of them show [Cost: 0] for the price. I know this usually means they were implemented incorrectly and it will not work but when I go to buy it, it still takes away points and gives me the gun. I haven&#39;t seen this before and I&#39;m completely stumped on how to fix the price. I have quadruple checked my zone file, zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv, and even the wallbuy prefabs themselves and I cannot find anything wrong. Anyone able to offer a potential fix? It would be greatly appreciated!<br /></blockquote><br />I have it in all my maps but I just ignore it &#128514;<br />I can recomend you to add the price above the gun with a texture or something<br />I know it&#39;s not the best thing to do but it work</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">TomDaDankEngine</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>It might be that you have too many weapons in your zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv. Try temporarily removing most of the weapons besides the ones with the [Cost: 0] glitch. Let me know if that works.<br /></blockquote><br />That was the problem! I just moved the wallbuy weapons up to the top of my zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv and it all works fine. Thanks!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">FrostIceforge</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>That was the problem! I just moved the wallbuy weapons up to the top of my zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv and it all works fine. Thanks!<br /></blockquote><br />Yeah, I had the same issue with my CoD WW2 PPSh wallbuy, so I figured that was the problem!</p>
