# How do I put custom player models into EE cutscenes.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Models & Animation

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wunderzorro</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I already got my models set up, I&#39;m just wondering how to get them into the EE cutscenes because I played through the entire Der Eisendrache EE and I was so dissapointed when they didn&#39;t show up in the cutscene. Anyone know what to do?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">1CrazyGamer</span></span>:</strong>

<p>you have to override the model</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">TacoBoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>First you need to rename the model in ape. <br /><br />Example: To replace Dempsey. name the model to c_zom_dlc_dempsey_cin_fb and put dlc3 for Gorod Krovi cutscene. After that go to core_mod zone file and type in xmodel,c_zom_dlc_dempsey_cin_fb. Do it for the other characters too and you should be good. Just make sure to type their names in lower case.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wunderzorro</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>First you need to rename the model in ape.<br /><br />Example: To replace Dempsey. name the model to c_zom_dlc_dempsey_cin_fb and put dlc3 for Gorod Krovi cutscene. After that go to core_mod zone file and type in xmodel,c_zom_dlc_dempsey_cin_fb. Do it for the other characters too and you should be good. Just make sure to type their names in lower case.<br /></blockquote><br />Are there CSV lines I have to comment out?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">TacoBoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>There&#39;s nothing with CSV files, you just need to name the model on ape from what I put and override it using core_mod zone file.</p>
