# Bypassing FX limits?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">koe1</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;m running into an issue where some of my spawned in FXs will not show to players consistently. I think I&#39;m hitting the upper cap on allowed FXs. Is there any way to guarantee a spawned in FX will play? I already set the priority to 1 (assuming lower number means more important) and the FX does play at times. The FX also contains a dynamic light. Any help would be appreciated.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m running into an issue where some of my spawned in FXs will not show to players consistently. I think I&#39;m hitting the upper cap on allowed FXs. Is there any way to guarantee a spawned in FX will play? I already set the priority to 1 (assuming lower number means more important) and the FX does play at times. The FX also contains a dynamic light. Any help would be appreciated.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I have hit FX limits myself when I was making a MP map, which made me realise I had to rethink the way I was doing FX. I had flames not appearing on fire barrels, I had lights not lighting, rain not raining. I ended up making some new FX that covered larger areas instead of using multiple of the same thing. I&#39;m assuming you&#39;re doing a zombie map like everyone else, which I can&#39;t help with, but you do have zones and triggers. You might be able to script in that FX from zone 1 would only be enabled only until you hit zone 2. Zone 2 until zone 3 and so on. <br />Harry would probably be better to talk to about that.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">koe1</span></span>:</strong>

<p>That&#39;s pretty interesting in trying to control what FX are spawned per zone. My issue area is essentially an isolated boss zone and so there&#39;d be no need to spawn any FX outside this area. I&#39;ll look into that. Thanks for the info!</p>
