# Replace texture or remove brush on damage
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Kenny</span></span>:</strong>

<p><strong>[COLOR=rgb(250, 197, 28)]This question has been answered here:[/COLOR]</strong> <a href="https://www.t7mods.com/viewtopic.php?t=60">https://www.t7mods.com/viewtopic.php?t=60</a><br />[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]______________________________________________________________________________________________________________[/COLOR]<br /><br />Hey hey,<br /><br />What I&#39;m trying to do is to have a brush and when someone shoots it the brush gets replaced with a another texture or it just disappears and reveals a different texture behind it.<br />I&#39;m not so good at gsc scripting and i tried to put together a script with the help of other scripts but nothing seems to work for me.<br /><br />What would be the correct way to do this?<br /><br />Here is what i have yet.<br />This is supposed to remove the brush when it receives damage but like i said i&#39;m not good at gsc scripting so please dont judge me if this makes no sense:<br /><br />[CODE=c]function removeBrush_init(){<br />        trig1 = GetEnt(&quot;brush1&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />        trig2 = GetEnt(&quot;brush2&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />        trig1 thread removeBrush();<br />        trig2 thread removeBrush();<br />}<br />function removeBrush(){<br />        self waittill( &quot;damage&quot; );<br />        self delete();<br />}[/CODE]<br /><br />I&#39;m not even enitrely sure if the trigger has to be a trigger_damage or something else so if anyone can please help me with this i would really appreciate it!<br />Thank you!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hey hey,<br /><br />What I&#39;m trying to do is to have a brush and when someone shoots it the brush gets replaced with a another texture or it just disappears and reveals a different texture behind it.<br />I&#39;m not so good at gsc scripting and i tried to put together a script with the help of other scripts but nothing seems to work for me.<br /><br />What would be the correct way to do this?<br /><br />Here is what i have yet.<br />This is supposed to remove the brush when it receives damage but like i said i&#39;m not good at gsc scripting so please dont judge me if this makes no sense:<br /><br />[CODE=c]function removeBrush_init(){<br />        trig1 = GetEnt(&quot;brush1&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />        trig2 = GetEnt(&quot;brush2&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;);<br />        trig1 thread removeBrush();<br />        trig2 thread removeBrush();<br />}<br />function removeBrush(){<br />        self waittill( &quot;damage&quot; );<br />        self delete();<br />}[/CODE]<br /><br />I&#39;m not even enitrely sure if the trigger has to be a trigger_damage or something else so if anyone can please help me with this i would really appreciate it!<br />Thank you!<br /></blockquote><br /><br />a trigger_damage needs to be used</p>
