# Qelifern's Origins Staffs, Craftable and Upgrade-able


---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Qelifern</span>:</strong>

<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);">First of all, this is the first time I&#39;m releasing something this big, it has taken a long time to even get to this point with these staffs.
Hopefully everything is included in the download, however if something is missing, point it out in the comments.</span>

The current state of these Staffs are W.I.P
However they are complete with sounds, animations and effects.
The only thing missing is the charge up sounds.
Also I&#39;ve got no clue how to limit the viewmodel FOV to cover up the poor Treyarch animations.

You have full access to all the scripts, ripped from Bo3 with Cerberus (Scobalula) then modified.

Here is a Youtube video showing the staves in action.
[MEDIA=youtube]O5ADs6PvpAg[/MEDIA]

Some changes have been made since.

A full credits list is included in the download but I want to thank HarryBo21 and Scobalula especially.

HarryBo21&#39;s FX Library is required:
<a href="https://www.t7mods.com/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=9">https://www.t7mods.com/viewtopic.php?f=4&amp;t=9</a>

Almost all the scripts come from or originated from Scobalula&#39;s Cerberus so many thanks to you sir.

<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);">Instructions for installation and upgrade steps are also included.</span>


[ATTACH width=&quot;318px&quot; alt=&quot;792&quot;]792[/ATTACH][ATTACH width=&quot;500px&quot; alt=&quot;793&quot;]793[/ATTACH]



<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 6px);">&quot;Don&#39;t be a jerk&quot;, please if you use this to create content, give credit where credit is due.</span>



[ATTACH width=&quot;312px&quot; alt=&quot;794&quot;]794[/ATTACH][ATTACH width=&quot;321px&quot; alt=&quot;795&quot;]795[/ATTACH]



<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);">Staff Code Names</span>
staff_fire_zm
staff_fire_upgraded_zm
staff_air_zm
staff_air_upgraded_zm
staff_lightning_zm
staff_lightning_upgraded_zm
staff_water_zm
staff_water_upgraded_zm

Ex. /give staff_fire


<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);">If you run into troubles when installing, make sure you read through all the steps and see if you missed something before commenting.</span>

\------------------------------------------

                   <span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);"><a href="https://mega.nz/file/urx0QYhD#CUpJ_bc-r0ovLhYaaZMvrKhkAkbqRPgHklrxilVZAJ0">DOWNLOAD</a>  v1.0.1</span>

\------------------------------------------

<span style="font-size:calc(13px + 5px);"><strong>Credits:</strong></span>
AllModz
AndyWhelen
Azsry
BluntStuffy
Collie
DTZxPorter
Easyskanka
Erthrock
Frost Iceforge
GerardS0406
HarryBo21
HitmanVere
Hubashuba
IperBreach
JAMAKINBACONMAN
JBird632
JiffyNoodles
Lilrifa
MAKECENTS
MZSlayer
MadGaz
Magicman
Mathfag
NoobForLunch
PCModder
ProGamerzFTW
ProRevenge
Raptroes
RedSpace200
Scobalula
Sethnorris
Smasher248
StevieWonder87
Symbo
TheIronicTruth
TheSkyeLord
TomBMX
Treyarch and Activision
Will Luffey
WillJones1989
Yen466
Zeroy
alexbgt
thezombieproject

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Pepergogo</span>:</strong>

Thank you soooo much for this! &#128588;

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">brack5501</span>:</strong>

What a great job brother &#128516; I really loved seeing the progress of your work! crack !! &lt;3

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ProfessorWeeWoo</span>:</strong>

awesome stuff! :cool::eek:

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dilly</span>:</strong>

Amazing work love it, cant wait to try them thanks :D

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dilly</span>:</strong>

File is no longer available for me?

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Qelifern</span>:</strong>

<blockquote>File is no longer available for me?
</blockquote>
Should be now, it got messed up for some reason...

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">DestinyDobby</span>:</strong>

my impact fx looks like this <a href="https://gyazo.com/d4615527ed2f299aefee5b2c1ef61d96">https://gyazo.com/d4615527ed2f299aefee5b2c1ef61d96</a> i have reinstalled harry&#39;s fx pack like 3 times, but it is still just a low quality cloud of smoke, any ideas?

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Qelifern</span>:</strong>

<blockquote>my impact fx looks like this <a href="https://gyazo.com/d4615527ed2f299aefee5b2c1ef61d96">https://gyazo.com/d4615527ed2f299aefee5b2c1ef61d96</a> i have reinstalled harry&#39;s fx pack like 3 times, but it is still just a low quality cloud of smoke, any ideas?
</blockquote>
I get that aswell, I think it&#39;s to do with SSI settings in Radiant, not sure though.

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">panzersoldat</span>:</strong>

How do I get the genesis spawner actor ?

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Philip-p</span>:</strong>

link for the fx arent working cant download them

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

link to the fx has been removed you should contact the author if you want them, don&#39;t hold your breath though,

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

this conflicts with the apothicon servant // id say the anims are to blame  

and the well known soul box&#39;s //

side note the pillar is missing textures/camos 
as well as the crystal that too shows up as the defualt test texture

worth a look into but regardless great work,.. if ya get bored id love to see the thunder fists up in here.

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span>:</strong>

<blockquote>this conflicts with the apothicon servant // id say the anims are to blame 

and the well known soul box&#39;s //

side note the pillar is missing textures/camos
as well as the crystal that too shows up as the defualt test texture

worth a look into but regardless great work,.. if ya get bored id love to see the thunder fists up in here.
</blockquote>
Considering those were issues with my last release - it’s pretty obv what’s gone on here...

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

Well me fixed it, i did, sir yes i did.

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

Also harry it soumds like your accusing this guy of publishing your work? Be specific please dude this is how 9/11 became a inside job haha

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span>:</strong>

No but having the same asset issues means it obv is just the assets from my pack

haven’t looked at the rest

can’t really “steal” ported assets

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

<blockquote>No but having the same asset issues means it obv is just the assets from my pack

haven’t looked at the rest

can’t really “steal” ported assets
</blockquote>

I bet he just copy pasted that asset pack like a bitch, haha jk nah either way good to see some quality stuff up here again wish i could contribute but sadly all the good stuff been taken down,  HydraX for one I only recently found out about,.. makes me sad :/ hahaha

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">TheGobMob</span>:</strong>

I keep getting this error can someone help




&quot;D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\sound\snd_convert.exe&quot;  pc usermaps\zm_eliguy_house usermaps\zm_eliguy_house zone_source usermaps\zm_eliguy_house english zm_eliguy_house

ERROR: D:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\share\raw\sound\aliases\staves_aliases.csv

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias wpn_airstaff_tornado

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias wpn_imp_lightningstaff

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias lightning_ball

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias shock_effect

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias wpn_waterstaff_freeze_zombie

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias wpn_waterstaff_storm

ERROR: staves_aliases.csv missing template alias &#39;GRP_WPN&#39; for alias wpn_waterstaff_storm_imp



ERROR: d:\steamlibrary\steamapps\common\call of duty black ops iii\share\raw\sound\aliases\staves_aliases.csv

ERROR: &#39;wpn_airstaff_tornado&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_airstaff_tornado had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_imp_lightningstaff&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_imp_lightningstaff had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_airstaff_tornado&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_airstaff_tornado had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_imp_lightningstaff&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_imp_lightningstaff had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;lightning_ball&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. lightning_ball had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;lightning_ball&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. lightning_ball had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;shock_effect&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. shock_effect had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;shock_effect&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. shock_effect had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_freeze_zombie&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_freeze_zombie had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_freeze_zombie&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_freeze_zombie had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_storm&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_storm had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_storm&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_storm had empty field DuckGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_storm_imp&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;VolumeGroup&#39;. Value &#39;VolumeGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_storm_imp had empty field VolumeGroup.

ERROR: &#39;wpn_waterstaff_storm_imp&#39; Line Number: 0

ERROR:  Parse error in column &#39;DuckGroup&#39;. Value &#39;DuckGroup&#39; is not valid. wpn_waterstaff_storm_imp had empty field DuckGroup.

---
<strong><span style="color:#34a7f9;">CaramelFudge</span>:</strong>

Dis error occurs becuase  the alias is set up wrong in my experience 

If you go to your sound  aliases  in the csv mentioned you&#39;ll probably find 
\# &lt;------ that at the top. Remove it
