# Spawn/Turn on lights at runtime?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bowser32</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I want to have lights throughout the map that you can use points to turn on, because of the number of lights it wouldn&#39;t be possible to use lighting states. <br />Is spawning and/or turning lights on and off at runtime supported? It seems like lighting states are the only way to control lighting. I&#39;d consider myself fairly familiar with scripting so far so I don&#39;t mind if the solution is complicated.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Brodie3750</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I want to have lights throughout the map that you can use points to turn on, because of the number of lights it wouldn&#39;t be possible to use lighting states.<br />Is spawning and/or turning lights on and off at runtime supported? It seems like lighting states are the only way to control lighting. I&#39;d consider myself fairly familiar with scripting so far so I don&#39;t mind if the solution is complicated.<br /></blockquote><br /> <br />do you mean to just turn lights on and off at any point throughout the match?<br />And do you want this to be manual or to automatically turn on at certain points<br /><br />I think it was Symbo, has a tut on YouTube for light switches so you can walk up and turn lights on and off.<br />Probs worth a watch to get you started at least?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Bowser32</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>do you mean to just turn lights on and off at any point throughout the match?<br />And do you want this to be manual or to automatically turn on at certain points<br /><br />I think it was Symbo, has a tut on YouTube for light switches so you can walk up and turn lights on and off.<br />Probs worth a watch to get you started at least?<br /></blockquote><br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uCXNySoMuqE" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />Perfect this is exactly what I needed, thank you and Symbo so much<br />It&#39;s so hard to find these smaller videos but they cover things that are so useful in mapping</p>
