# Zombies spawn in my second zone but don't attempt to move to attack the player.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Nikon</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I have a two zones, the start zone and the second zone which I named test_zone. I have a door setup that has a script_flag for &quot;enter_test_zone&quot; so when I buy the door, the test zone will activate. Everything works completely fine asides from the zombies, the kvps are properly spelled and have the targetname of &quot;test_zone_spawner&quot; which is also the target for my test zone. When I go through the door frame after I buy the door I have a Shadows of Evil Teleporter that sends me up a floor to the test zone from the start zone. I wait for zombies to spawn there, which they do. However when they spawn, they don&#39;t attack me. I&#39;ve done this around 5 different times with 5 different test maps and I&#39;ve gotten the same result even though I&#39;ve done everything perfectly. Why aren&#39;t the zombies attacking me? Forgot to also mention that the zombies in the start zone spawn perfectly fine and actually attempt to attack me. It&#39;s only the test zone zombies that spawn but don&#39;t try to attack me.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;m guessing the zoms have no way of walking from zone 1 to zone 2 so all you need to do is put in a pathnode from the entity browser. I think its info/pathnode (light violet box)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Nikon</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m guessing the zoms have no way of walking from zone 1 to zone 2 so all you need to do is put in a pathnode from the entity browser. I think its info/pathnode (light violet box)<br /></blockquote><br />Oooohhhh, that makes so much more sense. I was wondering why when I put my area down so that it&#39;s level with the start zone the zoms would start moving again. That really helped a lot, Thanks! Oh and what should I do with said pathnode in terms of kvps and everything.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Oooohhhh, that makes so much more sense. I was wondering why when I put my area down so that it&#39;s level with the start zone the zoms would start moving again. That really helped a lot, Thanks! Oh and what should I do with said pathnode in terms of kvps and everything.<br /></blockquote><br />Nothing. Just pathnode</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Nikon</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Nothing. Just pathnode<br /></blockquote><br />Little bit of an extra question, I have Shadows teleporters set up and I need the zombies to teleport from one zone to another when the player goes through the teleporter. How would I go about this?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Little bit of an extra question, I have Shadows teleporters set up and I need the zombies to teleport from one zone to another when the player goes through the teleporter. How would I go about this?<br /></blockquote><br />The simple way is to stamp a traversal, remove the anim, and position the nodes. Then make a trigger on top of the green node and teleport them</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">tmk_boi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>So I have a two zones, the start zone and the second zone which I named test_zone. I have a door setup that has a script_flag for &quot;enter_test_zone&quot; so when I buy the door, the test zone will activate. Everything works completely fine asides from the zombies, the kvps are properly spelled and have the targetname of &quot;test_zone_spawner&quot; which is also the target for my test zone. When I go through the door frame after I buy the door I have a Shadows of Evil Teleporter that sends me up a floor to the test zone from the start zone. I wait for zombies to spawn there, which they do. However when they spawn, they don&#39;t attack me. I&#39;ve done this around 5 different times with 5 different test maps and I&#39;ve gotten the same result even though I&#39;ve done everything perfectly. Why aren&#39;t the zombies attacking me? Forgot to also mention that the zombies in the start zone spawn perfectly fine and actually attempt to attack me. It&#39;s only the test zone zombies that spawn but don&#39;t try to attack me.<br /></blockquote><br />add some path nodes where test_zone is</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Nikon</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>The simple way is to stamp a traversal, remove the anim, and position the nodes. Then make a trigger on top of the green node and teleport them<br /></blockquote><br />Could you explain into detail what I need to do? I&#39;m still kinda new to this so I&#39;m unsure of what to do. I also need the zombies to chase me through the teleporter once I go through it. Because I tried using a prefab someone made and it teleports them, but they don&#39;t chase me through the teleporter.</p>
