# RESOLVED Need help with getting my mod working on Chronicles maps
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello! I have been trying to design a &quot;quality of life&quot; changes mod recently. The features included are an increased perk limit, max ammos refill your magazine, carpenter repairs your shield, you spawn in with the RK5, and Widows Wine provides explosive resistance. I have been able to get each feature working on Shadows so far, and the perk limit/RK5 works on every map. The issues I am having are with the carpenter, Widows, and max ammo changes. <br /><br />On maps without a shield, I get a crash loading the map, and on all of the Chronicles maps, the change to the two powerups and the perk don&#39;t function at all. <br /><br />Here is the beginning to the Carpenter file. I used HarryBO21&#39;s carpenter release to modify the base script from the share folder.<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
#using scripts\codescripts\struct;

#using scripts\shared\clientfield_shared;
#using scripts\shared\system_shared;
#using scripts\shared\util_shared;

#insert scripts\shared\shared.gsh;
#insert scripts\shared\version.gsh;

#using scripts\shared\ai\zombie_death;

#using scripts\zm\_zm_blockers;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_pers_upgrades;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_pers_upgrades_functions;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_powerups;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_score;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_spawner;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_utility;

#insert scripts\zm\_zm_weapons.gsh;

#insert scripts\zm\_zm_powerups.gsh;
#insert scripts\zm\_zm_utility.gsh;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_weap_riotshield;

#define BOARD_REPAIR_DISTANCE_SQUARED    750 * 750

#precache( "string", "ZOMBIE_POWERUP_MAX_AMMO" );

#namespace zm_powerup_carpenter;

REGISTER_SYSTEM( "zm_powerup_carpenter", &amp;__init__, undefined )

//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// setup
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
function __init__()
{
    zm_powerups::register_powerup( "carpenter", &amp;grab_carpenter );
    if( ToLower( GetDvarString( "g_gametype" ) ) != "zcleansed" )
    {
        zm_powerups::add_zombie_powerup( "carpenter", "p7_zm_power_up_carpenter", &amp;"ZOMBIE_POWERUP_MAX_AMMO", &amp;func_should_drop_carpenter, !POWERUP_ONLY_AFFECTS_GRABBER, !POWERUP_ANY_TEAM, !POWERUP_ZOMBIE_GRABBABLE );
    }
    
    level.use_new_carpenter_func = &amp;start_carpenter_new;
}

function grab_carpenter( player )
{   
    // Check for the carpenter persistent upgrade
    if( zm_utility::is_Classic() )
    {
        player thread zm_pers_upgrades::persistent_carpenter_ability_check();
    }
    if( isDefined(level.use_new_carpenter_func) )
    {
        level thread [[level.use_new_carpenter_func]](self.origin);
    }
    else
    {
        level thread start_carpenter( self.origin );
    }
    player thread zm_powerups::powerup_vo( "carpenter" );
    player thread carpenter_repair_player_shield();
}

function carpenter_repair_player_shield()
{
    if( !IS_TRUE( self.hasRiotShield ) )
        return;
    
    self riotshield::player_set_shield_health( 1, 1 );
    
    w_weapon = self getCurrentWeapon();
    self takeWeapon( self.weaponRiotshield );
    self giveWeapon( self.weaponRiotshield );
    if ( w_weapon.isriotshield )
        self switchToWeapon( self.weaponRiotshield );
    
}

{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />Next, the only change I made to the max ammo default script was around line 112ish, where I got the code from Abnormal202.<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
if ( players[i] HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) )
            {
                players[i] GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );
                players[i] SetWeaponAmmoClip( primary_weapons[x], primary_weapons[x].clipSize);
            }
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />Last, my change to Widows Wine is thanks to PROxFTW. I used his public release PHD script to figure out how the game handles negating explosive damage. The first line is placed in the default script under the &quot;enable_widows_wine_perk_for_level&quot; function. The other stuff I just threw at the bottom of the script since it could pretty much be anywhere.<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
zm::register_player_damage_callback( &amp;widows_pseudoPHD_player_damage_override ); //damage override for PhD ability



function widows_pseudoPHD_player_damage_override( einflictor, eattacker, idamage, idflags, smeansofdeath, sweapon, vpoint, vdir, shitloc, psoffsettime )
{
    if( sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_PROJECTILE" || sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_PROJECTILE_SPLASH" || sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_GRENADE" || sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_GRENADE_SPLASH" || sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_EXPLOSIVE" || sMeansOfDeath == "MOD_SUICIDE" )
    {
        if ( self HasPerk( PERK_WIDOWS_WINE ) )
        {
            return 0;
        }
    }
    return -1;
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />In my main script file, which is the template from CabConModding, I have the RK5 and perk limit changes. Here is that code. I have #using for all of my modified scripts written in this file, with the carpenter one being commented out for the time being since it doesn&#39;t work on most Chronicles maps.<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
#using scripts\codescripts\struct;
#using scripts\shared\callbacks_shared;
#using scripts\shared\system_shared;
#using scripts\shared\array_shared;
#using scripts\shared\flag_shared;
#using scripts\shared\array_shared;
#using scripts\shared\callbacks_shared;
#using scripts\shared\clientfield_shared;
#using scripts\shared\compass;
#using scripts\shared\exploder_shared;
#using scripts\shared\flag_shared;
#using scripts\shared\laststand_shared;
#using scripts\shared\math_shared;
#using scripts\shared\scene_shared;
#using scripts\shared\util_shared;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_score;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_perks;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_utility;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_stats;
#using scripts\zm\_zm;

#using scripts\zm\_zm_powerups;

#insert scripts\shared\shared.gsh;
#insert scripts\shared\version.gsh;
#insert scripts\zm\_zm_utility.gsh;

#using scripts\zm\gametypes\_zm_perk_widows_wine;
//#using scripts\zm\gametypes\_zm_powerup_carpenter;
#using scripts\zm\gametypes\_zm_powerup_full_ammo;

//#using scripts\zm\_zm_weap_riotshield;

#namespace clientids;

REGISTER_SYSTEM( "clientids", &amp;__init__, undefined )
    
function __init__()
{
    callback::on_start_gametype( &amp;init );
    callback::on_connect( &amp;on_player_connect );
    callback::on_spawned( &amp;on_player_spawned );
}   

function init()
{
    level.clientid = 0;
}

function on_player_connect()
{
    self.clientid = matchRecordNewPlayer( self );
    if ( !isdefined( self.clientid ) || self.clientid == -1 )
    {
        self.clientid = level.clientid;
        level.clientid++;
    }
    level thread set_perk_limit(50);
}

function on_player_spawned() //this function will get called on every spawn!
{
    weapon = getweapon("pistol_burst"); //sets the variable named "weapon" to the RK5
    custom = self GetBuildKitWeapon (weapon); //retrieves the RK5 from weapon kits (only attachments)
    camo = self GetBuildKitWeaponOptions (weapon); //retrieves the camo from RK5 weapon kit
    self GiveWeapon(custom, camo); //gives the player their custom RK5 with its camo and attachments

    self SwitchToWeapon(custom);

    level flag::wait_till( "initial_blackscreen_passed" );  //waits until blackscreen is gone
    self IPrintLnBold("^1Thanks for using DuhJudge&#39;s QOL mod!");  //prints thanks screen

    primaryWeapons = self GetWeaponsList(); // creates a list of the current player&#39;s weapons
            
    for( x = 0; x &lt; primaryWeapons.size; x++ ) // for loop to cycle through weapon list
    {
        self GiveMaxAmmo( primaryWeapons[x] ); // updating ammo count for each weapon
    }
}

function set_perk_limit(num)
{
    wait( 30 );
    level.perk_purchase_limit = num;
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />TLDR:<br />Everything here works, but only on SoE. On maps without a shield, the map crashes on the loading screen. On Chronicles maps, the max ammo, carpenter, and widows wine scripts do not function.<br /><br />Here is what my zone file looks like:<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
&gt;mode,zm
&gt;type,common

#include "zm_mod.class"

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
rawfile,dummy.cfg
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/gametypes/_clientids.gsc
scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/gametypes/_zm_perk_widows_wine.gsc
scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/gametypes/_zm_powerup_full_ammo.gsc

{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />I don&#39;t have the carpenter one in there right now for the same reason that it is commented out on my main file.<br /><br /><br />If anyone can help me prevent these crashes as well as get the features working, I would greatly appreciate it!<br /><br /><br />Thank you.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>How does it crash. Kick to main menu, console popup, game closes...</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>How does it crash. Kick to main menu, console popup, game closes...<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Sorry... That&#39;s probably the most important piece of information. I wrote this post out of desperation last night.<br /><br /><br />The crash has multiple lines that say &quot;Error: could not find fx/weapon/material&quot; and then list about 100+ lines of &quot;missing&quot; items. The last line that appears on crash is &quot;Error linking script &#39;scripts/zm/zm_moon.gsc&#39; &quot;. This happens on all maps without a zombie shield present, and the crash occurs about halfway through the loading screen.<br /><br />EDIT: The crash is a freeze and console popup with all those lines in it. The only way to avoid the crash so far that I have found is to comment out any mentions to the zombie shield script.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>For one I don&#39;t see the riotshield scripts in your zone file so they&#39;re not being loaded in<br />and anyway the riotshield is in core_patch.csv so you need to comment those lines.<br />So that basically solves your popup.<br />As for the ammo and carpenter idk.<br /><br />Btw the 100s of lines of missing assets is ok. Protip: i think launching the game and map in developer 2 spits out the bad script / line number</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>For one I don&#39;t see the riotshield scripts in your zone file so they&#39;re not being loaded in<br />and anyway the riotshield is in core_patch.csv so you need to comment those lines.<br />So that basically solves your popup.<br />As for the ammo and carpenter idk.<br /><br />Btw the 100s of lines of missing assets is ok. Protip: i think launching the game and map in developer 2 spits out the bad script / line number<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Ok so I&#39;m super new to this stuff- What exactly should I update in my zone file? I tried to do &quot;include,core_patch.csv&quot; and the mod tools returned an error saying: <br />^1ERROR: Could not open &#39;zone_source/core_patch.csv.zpkg&#39; <br /><br />Then I tried to just do &quot;csv::core_patch.csv&quot; and it returned`:<br />^3Empty asset name given, asset type &#39;csv::core_patch.csv&#39;<br /><br />Thank you for your help so far by the way. I just tried your trick on Moon and it let me know it couldn&#39;t find the riotshield gsc in my zone file like you said. I added that line to the zone file and to my scripts folder, but because I am unsure of how to add the core patch, it keeps crashing and returning the same error over and over. The only new line in this console popup is the &quot;Error could not find scriptparsetree scripts/zm/gametypes/_zm_powerup_carpenter.gsc&quot; or something like that.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Woah, a new thing happened.<br /><br />I included both <br />scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/_zm_weap_riotshield.gsc<br />scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/gametypes/_zm_weap_riotshield.gsc<br /><br />in my zone file, and now instead of getting a console popup and making me close my game, loading Moon in developer 2 kicks me to the main menu. It told me this:<br /><br />&quot;Server Disconnected: Clientfield mismatch&quot;<br />&quot;Check host TTY output&quot;<br /><br />Any ideas on what I&#39;m supposed to do now, besides fixing the core patch line? I&#39;m not sure what the TTY output is.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Woah, a new thing happened.<br /><br />I included both<br />scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/_zm_weap_riotshield.gsc<br />scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/gametypes/_zm_weap_riotshield.gsc<br /><br />in my zone file, and now instead of getting a console popup and making me close my game, loading Moon in developer 2 kicks me to the main menu. It told me this:<br /><br />&quot;Server Disconnected: Clientfield mismatch&quot;<br />&quot;Check host TTY output&quot;<br /><br />Any ideas on what I&#39;m supposed to do now, besides fixing the core patch line? I&#39;m not sure what the TTY output is.<br /></blockquote><br />you need to put in .csc too...<br />and .gsh if it exists just to be sure</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>you need to put in .csc too...<br />and .gsh if it exists just to be sure<br /></blockquote><br />Welp... that would make sense. I haven&#39;t done that for any of my scripts so far. I will update once I have tested that out! (y)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>you need to put in .csc too...<br />and .gsh if it exists just to be sure<br /></blockquote><br />Alright Spiki, I have an update for you: The Giant and Moon now boot me to the main menu citing a Server Client mismatch. How exactly do I make that fix for the core_patch? I&#39;m not sure how to include that in the zone file.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">tmk_boi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Alright Spiki, I have an update for you: The Giant and Moon now boot me to the main menu citing a Server Client mismatch. How exactly do I make that fix for the core_patch? I&#39;m not sure how to include that in the zone file.<br /></blockquote><br />scriptparsetree,zone_source\all\assetlist\core_patch.csv</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>scriptparsetree,zone_source\all\assetlist\core_patch.csv<br /></blockquote><br />Thank you for the reply, tmk. I tried to include that in my zone file, but now my mod won&#39;t build in mod tools. Aside from that, the issues I am still having are:<br />-Maps without shields or Widows are kicking me to the main menu. They cite a &quot;Server Client Mismatch&quot; error.<br />-Max Ammo magazine refill, Widows Explosive Resistance, and Carpenter Shield Upgrade do not work on any Chronicles map, even Origins which has both a shield and Widows.<br /><br />Other than these three errors I am getting, everything has been running smoothly. I know I may be being annoying with my lack of knowledge in this area, so I thank y&#39;all for your patience with me! :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>scriptparsetree,zone_source\all\assetlist\core_patch.csv<br /></blockquote><br />holy shit no<br />DONT do this <br /><br />You have to open core_patch.csv in notepad or something and comment // the gsc/csc lines that have the same name as your scripts.<br /><br />Also clientfield means you didnt put in the csc or gsc. You have to put #using in gsc AND csc</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Atchfam77</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I ended up getting it to work on Origins and the DLC maps. Some custom maps work but not all. I ended up releasing a version that doesn&#39;t include the carpenter script for more broad use.<br /><br />\end thread</p>
