# exporting COD4 buildings and maps
Game Modding | General

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">bobmorane</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hi <br />I wanna export buildings from COD4 maps as .fbx or .obj with materials and textures attached . how can i do it ?<br /> Which tools i must to use and where i can find step by step tutorials ? pleas help . <br />Thanks.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dundy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Basically you got to import the x-model into a 3d program like maya or blender then export it as a .fbx or .obj.<br />No expert but this how I did it from .fbx to x-model.<br />If it not a x-model but caulk made building then I am not shure..</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">bobmorane</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Basically you got to import the x-model into a 3d program like maya or blender then export it as a .fbx or .obj.<br />No expert but this how I did it from .fbx to x-model.<br />If it not a x-model but caulk made building then I am not shure..<br /></blockquote><br /> <br />thanks but it seems the buildings is prefab consist of from other models and thoes wasn&#39;t  x-model objects .</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dundy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>You could try to contact RaGe-74 he knows how to export geo/maps into models..</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Maps can only be made into OBJ \ FBX via NINJARIPPER (old method now and only supports up to DX11),  Husky and C2M. (both of which output to OBJ files).<br />There is no easy method into making sections of it usable xmodels..although it CAN be done (and yes i&#39;ve done it).<br />The method to do it is long and tedious, it requires going into blender (latest version) and deleting all the vertices that aren&#39;t needed, exporting what&#39;s left to a new OBJ, putting it into a plugin in by HUGO in max 2013, and re-exporting as an xmodel (the blender plugin does not export properly).<br />THEN you need to convert it to xmodel_bin with Porters tool to over ride tri limit, then set up all the materials in APE\ASSMAN so it works in game.<br />You will also need to put a collision brush on every traversable part of the xmodel so the player does not move through it, and so bullet collision generates the correct sound and effect.<br />The time involved to make a map an xmodel (or multiple), versus just recreating it in brushes, just isn&#39;t worth it. Just use the map rippers to make a template(s), and build on top of it with brushes. That&#39;s the easiest, quickest way, and that&#39;s how i&#39;ve done a couple of maps now.<br />I simply could not be bothered doing an instructional video on how to do it for mod tools that are well and truly past their use-by date, but I hope this has been helpful.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">bobmorane</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Maps can only be made into OBJ \ FBX via NINJARIPPER (old method now and only supports up to DX11),  Husky and C2M. (both of which output to OBJ files).<br /><br /></blockquote><br /><br />Thanks . yes its tricky and hard .also with Husky can export map as .obj and with C2M can export same map&#39;s textures . but the most maps consist of many small piece that groped in several batches and used in all of buildings . whether exporting a special building is very long and tedious because i have to break up those batches .</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thanks . yes its tricky and hard .also with Husky can export map as .obj and with C2M can export same map&#39;s textures . but the most maps consist of many small piece that groped in several batches and used in all of buildings . whether exporting a special building is very long and tedious because i have to break up those batches .<br /></blockquote><br />You can break it up into sections, but you need to go into &quot;edit&quot; mode in blender, and select vertices only. Then you invert the selection, press delete, and save whats left as a new OBJ. (don&#39;t use save selection, it doesn&#39;t work properly).<br />Once it&#39;s saved, press undo twice, delete the piece you saved, and do the next piece. Over and over until you have all the pieces.</p>
