# Navmesh does not generate over a script_brushmodel
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">YuiKitamura</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I have a door in the floor that opens when the power turns on. The problem is that the zombies think there is a giant hole in the floor before the door ever opens. I currently have it filled with a clip brushmodel but a navmesh won&#39;t generate over it no matter what. Solutions?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Put down an ai clip</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">YuiKitamura</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Put down an ai clip<br /></blockquote><br /><br />And how would I make that disappear once the door is opened?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">YuiKitamura</span></span>:</strong>

<p>After more testing I&#39;ve found that since my brushmodel is connected to a trigger use with the kvp specifying it as a zombie door, zombies will refuse to walk on it.<br /><br />Essentially a navmesh won&#39;t generate BECAUSE it is a door in the ground. So is it impossible to create a door in the ground then?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">LuckyIbex</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>After more testing I&#39;ve found that since my brushmodel is connected to a trigger use with the kvp specifying it as a zombie door, zombies will refuse to walk on it.<br /><br />Essentially a navmesh won&#39;t generate BECAUSE it is a door in the ground. So is it impossible to create a door in the ground then?<br /></blockquote><br />I used to have similar problems I never had the problem again when I realized the brush has to be a worldpsawn brush and the only way to do that (that I know of) is by copying the first brush in the map or any other brush that is worldspawn and then just change the texture to clip and drag it to the floor size. might help maybe not</p>
