# I verified my steam integrity cage and now all my skype ports gun sounds don't work?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">D_v_z</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So after I did this I lost all in game gun sounds for my map? I tried dropping the files from the rar again but this didn&#39;t work.. I also checked user_aliases.csv and my zone file and they seem unchanged, all gun paths are in there, so now I&#39;m questioning why I have no sounds in-game.. does anyone know what it could be?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>So after I did this I lost all in game gun sounds for my map? I tried dropping the files from the rar again but this didn&#39;t work.. I also checked user_aliases.csv and my zone file and they seem unchanged, all gun paths are in there, so now I&#39;m questioning why I have no sounds in-game.. does anyone know what it could be?<br /></blockquote><br />When you verify game cache, some files get deleted that have custom things in the. Things like useraliase.csv and the weapon table as well (not too many things). Just reinstall the guns and make sure every step for them is in your files.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">D_v_z</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>When you verify game cache, some files get deleted that have custom things in the. Things like useraliase.csv and the weapon table as well (not too many things). Just reinstall the guns and make sure every step for them is in your files.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Thanks for answering, I did everything as you said, overwriten all files and checked user aliases and everything else. didn&#39;t work unfortunaly..</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">the_bibba_boy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thanks for answering, I did everything as you said, overwriten all files and checked user aliases and everything else. didn&#39;t work unfortunaly..<br /></blockquote><br />If the sounds don’t work but the guns do, its usually the linkers fault. Relink over and over again, and usually that works. But, make sure there are no errors in the linker though!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>maybe you had porters sound patch and forgot to reinstall it</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">D_v_z</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I figured it out, aparently you can&#39;t use an old user_aliases.csv. It doesn&#39;t register changes I guess, so after doing literally every weapon manually from the original rar files, it fixed the issue. BTW thanks for the help guys!</p>
