# Community Perk Pack Crashing My Brand New Map and Custom Perk Shader Error
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Holofya</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello.<br /><br />I made a brand new map to test out putting the Community Perk Pack into a map. I followed all the included instructions and my map crashes on launching it. I can&#39;t figure out what&#39;s wrong and the thread for the perks has been discontinued. I tried to troubleshoot with a friend and inspecting the issues and solutions in the discontinued thread but to no avail.<br /><br />On a slightly related note, I&#39;m also making my own perk and am having UI Error issues (Error 41437). Every time I launch the map that I&#39;m testing I get the error and the perk shader/icon doesn&#39;t show up after drinking it, other than that it works perfectly fine. I already have L3akmod installed and I just can&#39;t seem to find the issue, no matter where I look.<br /><br />Any help is appreciated, I&#39;m just a little frustrated that I can&#39;t launch my map with the Community Perks at all :/</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Holofya</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Well, somehow I fixed the UI error and now my perk shader displays properly :D</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Holofya</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Seems like something weird was happening yesterday, it&#39;s all working today. Except there are a TON of missing/messed up textures with the Community Perks, but I&#39;m not sure I&#39;m going to use them very much, and if I do it&#39;ll probably just be Snail&#39;s Pace and Salvage Shake.</p>
