# Volumetric Lighting help!
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey everyone, I&#39;m not 100% sure what went wrong here. I added volumetric lighting into my map, following Verk0&#39;s tutorial on YouTube, and all of a sudden when I actually run my map, I load in but get a black screen with the HUD, if I shoot I can see my bullets being shot but I have no gun or reload sound AT ALL, but I can hear everything else and walk around, seems like normal game just with no screen or gun sounds. I&#39;ve rebuilt lighting and recompiled numerous times, as well as try and see if its something on the APE side of things, and I&#39;ve googled and tried to find a fix for this but I&#39;ve come up with nothing. If anyone here can offer some insight into what may be causing the problem, I&#39;d greatly appreciate it. Thanks a ton!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Brodie3750</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hey everyone, I&#39;m not 100% sure what went wrong here. I added volumetric lighting into my map, following Verk0&#39;s tutorial on YouTube, and all of a sudden when I actually run my map, I load in but get a black screen with the HUD, if I shoot I can see my bullets being shot but I have no gun or reload sound AT ALL, but I can hear everything else and walk around, seems like normal game just with no screen or gun sounds. I&#39;ve rebuilt lighting and recompiled numerous times, as well as try and see if its something on the APE side of things, and I&#39;ve googled and tried to find a fix for this but I&#39;ve come up with nothing. If anyone here can offer some insight into what may be causing the problem, I&#39;d greatly appreciate it. Thanks a ton!<br /></blockquote><br /><br />have you probed?<br />cant think of any reason why volumetric lighting would mess up your map<br />all your doing is ticking a box on the light entity and placing a fog in the map</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>have you probed?<br />cant think of any reason why volumetric lighting would mess up your map<br />all your doing is ticking a box on the light entity and placing a fog in the map<br /></blockquote><br />yeahhhh I figured it out haha. It turns out when I made a new LUT specifically for my map I entered the text incorrectly in the worldspawn which made my screen black, as for the weapon sounds, my user_aliases.csv file was completely reset somehow so I just added the lines back to that and it was fixed. I do need to fix my probes though, my lighting is really messed up right now which is kinda the next thing on the shopping list lol. Thanks for the reply though, I appreciate it!</p>
