# Max Ammo Fills Magazine - Cold War Style Max Ammo
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ConvictioNDR</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Fills magazine with max ammo as well like in Cold War/BO4 without adding more mess to you map.gsc.<br />Copy _zm_powerup_full_ammo.gsc from your raw\scripts\zm folder into your map&#39;s scripts\zm folder. Open it and near the bottom of the file you will see<br />{% highlight php %}
players[i] GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );{% endhighlight %}
Directly after that line add<br />{% highlight php %}
players[i] SetWeaponAmmoClip( primary_weapons[x], 999 );{% endhighlight %}
So it will look like this...<br />{% highlight php %}
if ( players[i] HasWeapon( primary_weapons[x] ) )
                players[i] GiveMaxAmmo( primary_weapons[x] );
                players[i] SetWeaponAmmoClip( primary_weapons[x], 999 );{% endhighlight %}
Don&#39;t forget to add to your zone file.<br />{% highlight php %}
scriptparsetree,scripts/zm/_zm_powerup_full_ammo.gsc{% endhighlight %}
Link the map and you&#39;re done.<br /><br />Example video<br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cAFCqOeM79M" frameborder="0"></iframe></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Or just use a function instead of modifying a whole script<br /><a href="https://forum.modme.co/threads/black-ops-4-max-ammo.1415/">https://forum.modme.co/threads/black-ops-4-max-ammo.1415/</a></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ConvictioNDR</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Or just use a function instead of modifying a whole script<br /></blockquote><br />Adding 1 line to a script is hardly &quot;modifying a whole script&quot;. Thanks for your input though. Both are very easy to do.<br />On a side note, BO4 was a trash game and I did not play it. I just found out this morning that BO4 max ammo behaved this way as well.</p>
