# I Figured Out How to Buff the Wunderwaffe DG-2
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Greenllama23</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I don&#39;t know if anyone else has posted this, but I finally found out how to make the Wunderwaffe a wonder weapon comparable to the other more powerful ones.<br /><br />Step 1:<br />To buff the Wunderwaffe you need to copy and paste two GSC scripts from your raw folder (Steam/steamapps/common/CallofDutyBlackOpsIII/share/raw/scripts/zm)<br />into your custom map folder.<br />(Steam/steamapps/common/CallofDutyBlackOpsIII/usermaps/<strong>yourmapname</strong>/scripts/zm)<br />These files are: <strong>_zm_weap_tesla.gsc </strong>&amp; <strong>_zm_lightning_chain.gsc</strong><br /><br />Step 2:<br />Once you&#39;ve copied the script files over, you need to edit some values within them.<br />Starting with <strong>_zm_weap_tesla.gsc</strong><br />Find this in the script<br />{% highlight php %}
zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_max_arcs",            5 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_max_enemies_killed", 10 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_radius_start",        200 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_radius_decay",        20 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_head_gib_chance",    75 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_arc_travel_time",    0.11, true );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_kills_for_powerup",    10 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_min_fx_distance",    128 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_network_death_choke",4 );{% endhighlight %}
<br />All you want to do is change the numbers on the right. I have been testing different values and determined that a reasonable buff is this<br />{% highlight php %}
zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_max_arcs",            24 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_max_enemies_killed", 24 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_radius_start",        300 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_radius_decay",        5 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_head_gib_chance",    75 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_arc_travel_time",    0.11, true );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_kills_for_powerup",    20 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_min_fx_distance",    128 );
    zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "tesla_network_death_choke",4 );{% endhighlight %}
<br />Next is <strong>_zm_lightning_chain</strong><br />Find this in the script<br />{% highlight php %}
function create_lightning_chain_params(
                max_arcs = 5,
                max_enemies_killed = 10,
                radius_start = 200,
                radius_decay = 20,
                head_gib_chance = 75,
                arc_travel_time = 0.11,
                kills_for_powerup = 10,
                min_fx_distance = 128,
                network_death_choke = 4,
                should_kill_enemies = true,
                clientside_fx = true,
                arc_fx_sound = undefined,
                no_fx = false,
                prevent_weapon_kill_credit = false{% endhighlight %}
Then change the values to the exact same ones you used in the last scripts.<br /><strong>THE VALUES NEED TO MATCH UP OR NOTHING WILL CHANGE</strong><br /><br />Step 3:<br />Next you need to go into your maps GSC file (usermaps/<strong>yourmapname</strong>/scripts/zm/<strong>yourmapname</strong>.gsc)<br />and add these lines<br />{% highlight php %}
#using scripts\zm\_zm_weap_tesla;
#using scripts\zm\_zm_lightning_chain;{% endhighlight %}
<br />Feel free to change the values and decide how powerful to make your wunderwaffe!<br /><br />Here is some extra info:<br />tesla_max_enemies_killed is self explanatory. It determines the number of zombies killed. Although through testing, this increase is not enough, as I had to also increase the radius and decrease the radius decay values respectively. This prevents the lighting from fizzling out before killing more zombies. Also, even with a radius decay of 0, it still seems to max out at killing 19-20 zombies.<br />Also, I increased the radius to 400 and decay to 0 making the waffe chain across my whole map as long as it did not break line of sight with a zombie. So anything above that is really unnecessary. I do not know how high or low you can make the values before it crashes your map, or if it even will.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Zixology</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Now if only I could do this with Deadshot...</p>
