# Help, Umbra convert failed...
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dejo505</span></span>:</strong>

<p>UNRECOVERABLE ERROR:<br /><br />UmbraConvert failed (1)<br /><br />[&quot;F:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\bin\UmbraConvert&quot; -input_scene=c:\UmbraDebug\zm_awaken2_linker.scene -input_params=c:\UmbraDebug\zm_awaken2_linker.params -output_tome=c:\UmbraDebug\zm_awaken2.tome -compress -use_all_cores -disable_sndbs]<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Linker will now terminate.<br /><br />Soo what do I do? I deleted the umbra and put a new one, but its still the same error. I have been working on this map for almost 6 months, and no errors were happening. And now out of nowhere this error came up.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">KillJoy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>happens to me sometimes too<br />delete old umbra and add a new one<br />make sure you light the map before saving and exiting radiant<br />then full compile light link on the launcher</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dejo505</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>happens to me sometimes too<br />delete old umbra and add a new one<br />make sure you light the map before saving and exiting radiant<br />then full compile light link on the launcher<br /></blockquote><br />Before you posted I just did that. Now I don&#39;t know what exactly I did that fixed the issue soo I will name it all here. One of my triggers was blocked by a brushmodel clip soo I extended the trigger, I deleted one prefab that was blocking one of my triggers, I moved the umbra around (resizing it also) and lastly I build the freakin lighting. Because the first time I deleted the old umbra and put a new one I didn&#39;t build the lighting cause I deemed it unnecessary.</p>
