# Can't Fix These Invisible Walls
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wild</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey guys, I started working on this section of my map and noticed while in game there are these invisible walls in the door way and covering half the hallway opening. And it really is just those spots. If I fly above or below them with no clip there is no wall, it&#39;s only in the space shown in the video. The issue is that there is literally nothing there in radiant and I can&#39;t figure out how to get rid of them no matter what I try. Here are a few examples of things I have tried:<br /><br />- Drawing new brushes covering the area, recompiling and testing, then deleting the brushes and compiling again<br />- Selecting the whole map and moving it in case the walls are corrupt into the world space, but they&#39;re not and stay in the same spot no matter where the map is moved to<br />- Messing with the volumes and stuff that actually is there in radiant but no matter what I edit the invisible walls stay<br />- Also I&#39;ve tried auto saves and found this has been here since I basically made the map and I&#39;m just now really seeing it because I finally started working on this section of the map<br /><br />I&#39;ve tried a lot more things but literally nothing I do has made an ounce of progress towards fixing this so if anyone has any idea on what this is please let me know!<br /><br />And no my map isn&#39;t that dark that&#39;s just how YouTube made it look lol.<br /><br />
<iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/s6AoHHNBvL8" frameborder="0"></iframe>
<br /><br />
[IMG width=&quot;683px&quot;]https://i.imgur.com/aUCqHsq.png[/IMG][IMG width=&quot;708px&quot;]https://i.imgur.com/WS98qKc.png[/IMG]<br />
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dundy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Is the doorway  a model...maybe the clip of the model is messed up. Not sure if bo3 tool still use collmaps but if it does check the one for that doorway model..</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>select all the patches around the door<br />right click - use expensive collision<br /><br /><br />also you can type g_bdebugrenderpatches 1 with developer 1 in the console and it&#39;ll draw the invisible wall so you can see where its coming from</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wild</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>select all the patches around the door<br />right click - use expensive collision<br /><br /><br />also you can type g_bdebugrenderpatches 1 with developer 1 in the console and it&#39;ll draw the invisible wall so you can see where its coming from<br /></blockquote><br />Thanks guys I was able to fix it with this! Really appreciate the help</p>
