# Brutus (NSZ) crashes BO3 after round 30 with no errors.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dejo505</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Should I just remove him and add something else or is there a fix to it? I see a lot of people having the same problem but I don&#39;t know the fix...</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dejo505</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I think I fixed it. Managed to get to round 42 and it still didn&#39;t crash even with multiple brutuses. I think it was Lil Arnie because everytime I threw the little octopus at zombies and the Brutus accidentaly touches it, then it just crashes. Soo basically I just threw Lil Arnie out of the mistery box and it seems to be working. Altough it did see that people say that even on coop the game crashes at round 30. Hope that isn&#39;t the case with my map. Altough since I&#39;m already here, can somebody tell me how to change the Fire Sale music to something else like Pharrel Williams &quot;Happy&quot; ?(don&#39;t ask me why lol). I did put a line of code that someone posted in another thread, and basically, when I&#39;m in my game, the fire sale music is silent. Like no music at all, not even the fire sale song.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dejo505</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Fixed the fire sale ;D<br /><br />When you have a song there&#39;s basically some other stuff like who&#39;s the artist and what was the name of the album. Basically in Audacity when you convert the song and then you will see all those things and then you delete all that shit. Now it works ;). I don&#39;t know if anyone reads this but I hope it helps some people.</p>
