# Mystery Box won't spawn unless Start prefab is used?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">BetiroVal</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I don&#39;t know why it happens, but for some reason, I cannot have a random mystery box spawn.<br />If I try to place the box_01, box_02 prefabs down, both are visually glitched and will not work.<br />Any ideas why?<br /><br />Note: These boxes are custom.<br />They do work, provided I use the box_start prefab I&#39;ve created for them.<br />And they do not glitch when the mystery box moves.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Wild</span></span>:</strong>

<p>That&#39;s because you also have to add something to your map&#39;s .gsc<br /><br />My setup is with Vertasea&#39;s V7 boxes. Only using locations 1 through 9, not the start location. Then inside of zm_yourmap.gsc underneath zm_usermap::main(); add this:<br />{% highlight php %}
//Random mystery box start
    level.random_pandora_box_start = true;{% endhighlight %}
<br />And then the box starts in a random location every game :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Brodie3750</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>That&#39;s because you also have to add something to your map&#39;s .gsc<br /><br />My setup is with Vertasea&#39;s V7 boxes. Only using locations 1 through 9, not the start location. Then inside of zm_yourmap.gsc underneath zm_usermap::main(); add this:<br />{% highlight php %}
//Random mystery box start
    level.random_pandora_box_start = true;{% endhighlight %}
<br />And then the box starts in a random location every game :)<br /></blockquote><br /><br /><br />what would you need to do to make it only random between 2 spots?<br /><br />e.g if i wanted it to randomise between the start box location and box location 3 when a game is launched</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Scary Branden</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>In your map&#39;s gsc main function<br />{% highlight php %}
level.random_pandora_box_start = true;
{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br />Set the KVP of script_struct to <strong>start_exclude - 1</strong> for boxes that do not appear randomly.<br /></blockquote><br /><a href="https://forum.modme.co/threads/random-mystery-box-location.3224/">https://forum.modme.co/threads/random-mystery-box-location.3224/</a></p>
