# Ascension Style Power!
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">sharpgamers4you</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey,<br />So I&#39;ve noticed a few people still need/want the script to change the vision.<br />This tutorial is focusing on setting all player&#39;s vision to black and white until the power turns on just like in Ascension.<br /><br />I also gave people the chance to vote for a tutorial and a tutorial video so here we go.<br /><br />
INSTALLATION!<br />--------------------<br /><br />First things first!<br /><br />Now open YOURMAPNAME.GSC (Not CSC)<br /><br />Find the section of all #using<br /><br />paste the following under the last #using:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
//Sharpgamers4you&#39;s Black &amp; White Vision
#using scripts\zm\_zm_laststand;
//#using scripts\shared\lui_shared; // Remove the "//" to enable a white flash when vision goes back to color{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br />Now find the following line:<br /><br />zm_usermap::main();<br /><br />paste this under it:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
thread bw_vision();{% endhighlight %}
<br />Now scroll all the way down and paste the following:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
//Sharpgamers4you&#39;s Black &amp; White Vision
function bw_vision()
{
    level flag::wait_till( "initial_blackscreen_passed" ); // You can change this into level.notify - trigger(s) - zones and or any easter egg steps (flags).
    wait(8);
VisionSetNaked( "zombie_last_stand", 8 );

thread ending_bw_vision();
}
function ending_bw_vision()
{
    level flag::wait_till( "power_on" );
    lui::screen_flash( 0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 0.8, "white" ); // flash
    wait(0.5);
    VisionSetNaked( "zm_factory", 0.5 );
}
{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><br />now open YOURMAPNAME.ZONE<br /><br />paste this anywhere, I would just scroll all the way down and paste it.<br /><br />{% highlight php %}
//Sharpgamers4you&#39;s Black &amp; White Vision
rawfile,vision/zombie_last_stand.vision
rawfile,vision/zm_factory.vision{% endhighlight %}
<br />now simply select your map, Compile, build lights and link your map!<br /><br />feel free to let me know if there are any bugs or general question(s) at any time!<br />I prefer Discord since I will respond faster over there.<br />
<br />
Feel free to watch the following video for installation and changing the function to trigger use, multiple, and loops. (detailed video tutorial)<br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QTtsyKONPII" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />
<br />
Credits to:<br />NateSmithZombies - Original idea of the bw vision.<br />Sharpgamers4you - re-creating the black and white scripts from scratch.<br />Killjoy - Helping out for things I needed to add in zone.<br />Scary Branden - Helping out to figure out possible ways to achieve this.<br />Black Ops III Modtools community - Discord server(s), Forums and such.<br />
<br />
<a href="https://pastebin.com/AXmsKn4X">https://pastebin.com/AXmsKn4X</a><br />
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">777tones</span></span>:</strong>

<p>It works! But when you get downed and get revived the black and white filter goes away</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">sharpgamers4you</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>It works! But when you get downed and get revived the black and white filter goes away<br /></blockquote><br />Oh okay i will add a fix for that after work thanks bro</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ItzRexx-_-</span></span>:</strong>

<p>use [{+activate}] rather than &amp;&amp;1</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">sharpgamers4you</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>use [{+activate}] rather than &amp;&amp;1<br /></blockquote><br />What is the different, cuz idk tbh</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ItzRexx-_-</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>What is the different, cuz idk tbh<br /></blockquote><br />right way to do it, its in the files</p>
