# White screen in game - no clue what caused it
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I recently installed a couple things into my map, but after I added them and compiled/launched my map, my whole screen is white but the map and sounds work perfectly. As in, the map launches and functions as normal and as it should, but my screen is just pure white with the hipfire reticle. I genuinely have no idea what could have caused this as all I installed were Vigor Rush (installed 100% correctly) and the script that makes it so the zombies don&#39;t collide with each other (also installed 100% correctly). That&#39;s literally it. Nothing else. No other changes were made to the map or scripts AT ALL. (I also tried to remove them both and compile and launch the map and it still didn&#39;t fix the issue) So if anybody has any ideas on what could be going on, I&#39;d absolutely appreciate some help with this. (Side note: everything is normal both in my scripts AND radiant, no errors in the launcher or anything, and nothing on google is helping since this doesn&#39;t seem to be a probe or lighting issue, so I genuinely have no idea what could be wrong)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">mrlednor</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>So I recently installed a couple things into my map, but after I added them and compiled/launched my map, my whole screen is white but the map and sounds work perfectly. As in, the map launches and functions as normal and as it should, but my screen is just pure white with the hipfire reticle. I genuinely have no idea what could have caused this as all I installed were Vigor Rush (installed 100% correctly) and the script that makes it so the zombies don&#39;t collide with each other (also installed 100% correctly). That&#39;s literally it. Nothing else. No other changes were made to the map or scripts AT ALL. (I also tried to remove them both and compile and launch the map and it still didn&#39;t fix the issue) So if anybody has any ideas on what could be going on, I&#39;d absolutely appreciate some help with this. (Side note: everything is normal both in my scripts AND radiant, no errors in the launcher or anything, and nothing on google is helping since this doesn&#39;t seem to be a probe or lighting issue, so I genuinely have no idea what could be wrong)<br /></blockquote><br />have u set up lighting via the sun volume ?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>have u set up lighting via the sun volume ?<br /></blockquote><br />yes I do! The map has been working perfectly lighting wise for about a year now, and I&#39;ve never changed a thing. Never had to. I genuinely have no idea what could be causing this issue.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">mrlednor</span></span>:</strong>

<p>you say &quot;installed a couple things into my map, &quot; can you tell me what you installed please ?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dundy</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>you say &quot;installed a couple things into my map, &quot; can you tell me what you installed please ?<br /></blockquote><br /><br />&quot;I genuinely have no idea what could have caused this as all I installed were Vigor Rush (installed 100% correctly) and the script that makes it so the zombies don&#39;t collide with each other (also installed 100% correctly). That&#39;s literally it. Nothing else. No other changes were made to the map or scripts AT ALL. &quot;</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>you say &quot;installed a couple things into my map, &quot; can you tell me what you installed please ?<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Just Vigor Rush and a script to make the zombies not collide with each other. As far as I know, it wasn&#39;t doing this before so I don&#39;t know what could be causing the issue.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Laurajucky</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Since season 9 has ended, I cannot enter the game. After the Heroes Arena loading screen I get stuck at season rewards screen and the CLAIM button doesnt do anything.<br />All I can do is exit the game.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Sounds like you&#39;ve stuffed the skybox. A simple &quot;accidental move&quot;  when you didn&#39;t know you had one of the sides selected will definitely do this.</p>
