# Probe fade makes walls bright
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So since my other map has been having problems, I&#39;ve decided to try working on a new map just temporarily till I get the other problems fixed. Of course, this one isn&#39;t without weird quirks either. In an attempt to make my probes fade so they light up doorways, they make my entire wall bright as if it was lit up from the outside, just a bit dimmer. My other map is set with The Giant&#39;s skybox, being at night, I haven&#39;t had to deal with daylight leaking through. I can find ABSOLUETLY nothing on this online so I come here hoping to get some help. I&#39;ve included screenshots this time so I can maybe get some help. (as you can see, the outside walls are perfect but the indoor walls look like shit)  Any assistance is appreciated, thanks!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Can you give me an example .map file so I can see exactly what you&#39;re doing ?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Can you give me an example .map file so I can see exactly what you&#39;re doing ?<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Here&#39;s the exact file in the screenshots. I used Wild&#39;s advanced ZM template just to get more familiar with the tools from scratch outside of my big project. (by the way, I also used youtube tuts to learn a lot of the tools so its more than likely I&#39;m missing things or doing something wrong here lol)<br /><br /><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zEdcdhn0qnGrF2Tjq_lxC8bf8J3KWOcW/view?usp=sharing">omegasite.map</a></p>
