# White screen, HELP.
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;m posting again to hopefully finally get some help. I wanna keep working on this map and I don&#39;t wanna let this error keep me from doing what I want to do. I&#39;ve been working on this map for over a year now. I just want to know, what (other than a probe, which I&#39;ve already confirmed is NOT the case) would make the screen go white with no HUD in game? literally all I have in game is the hipfire crosshair and that&#39;s it. The rest of my screen is completely white,  but I can hear the game and everything just fine (also worth mentioning, everything loads perfectly in radiant, so again, its not a probe issue). I forgot what I changed before this happened but if someone could outline for me everything that could have anything to do with my issue, I can check the boxes off myself. I literally just need to be pointed in the right direction and I can get it sorted out! I&#39;ve posted this already but I got no replies so I&#39;m hoping to get some help this time around. Thanks in advance!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>can you see fx if you shoot? or footsteps if you look down?<br /><br />if yes then you have to compile lights in the launcher although the problem is probably there. Check for errors in the launcher and post them here</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">eDeK</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Post some images or videos.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;m posting again to hopefully finally get some help. I wanna keep working on this map and I don&#39;t wanna let this error keep me from doing what I want to do. I&#39;ve been working on this map for over a year now. I just want to know, what (other than a probe, which I&#39;ve already confirmed is NOT the case) would make the screen go white with no HUD in game? literally all I have in game is the hipfire crosshair and that&#39;s it. The rest of my screen is completely white,  but I can hear the game and everything just fine (also worth mentioning, everything loads perfectly in radiant, so again, its not a probe issue). I forgot what I changed before this happened but if someone could outline for me everything that could have anything to do with my issue, I can check the boxes off myself. I literally just need to be pointed in the right direction and I can get it sorted out! I&#39;ve posted this already but I got no replies so I&#39;m hoping to get some help this time around. Thanks in advance!<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Most likely you&#39;ve stuffed up your skybox, but like Spiki said, post the log</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>can you see fx if you shoot? or footsteps if you look down?<br /><br />if yes then you have to compile lights in the launcher although the problem is probably there. Check for errors in the launcher and post them here<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Oh wow, I haven&#39;t checked here for a few days, didn&#39;t even realize you guys replied. My bad! No, I can&#39;t see literally anything, no FX, no footsteps, although I CAN hear everything still. My problem is that there are no errors in the launcher, it doesn&#39;t seem to believe that there is any kind of issue with the map. I&#39;ll run through it again really quick and post everything here.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Koguchi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>here&#39;s the log, I&#39;ll attack a video soon here. Sadly it won&#39;t let me add the code here cause the site is giving me an error, so I&#39;ve posted it on drive and here&#39;s the link.<br /><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QormBeY5n8XtxjhrO0nXMLlbHiRlTO1z/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QormBeY5n8XtxjhrO0nXMLlbHiRlTO1z/view?usp=sharing</a><br /><br />I figured it might be because of the duplicate image assets but I wasn&#39;t sure. I have a lot of errors in the map currently but none of them affected how the map functioned so it never really bothered me. As such I never really looked through the errors, till now of course. I think after this I&#39;m gonna start taking care of the issues I see pop up as they happen no matter how small they are. The material errors are just cause I&#39;ve used a few WAW and COD4 prefabs in the map and retextured them with BO3 textures and I didn&#39;t get every single brush retextured.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>here&#39;s the log, I&#39;ll attack a video soon here. Sadly it won&#39;t let me add the code here cause the site is giving me an error, so I&#39;ve posted it on drive and here&#39;s the link.<br /><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QormBeY5n8XtxjhrO0nXMLlbHiRlTO1z/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QormBeY5n8XtxjhrO0nXMLlbHiRlTO1z/view?usp=sharing</a><br /><br />I figured it might be because of the duplicate image assets but I wasn&#39;t sure. I have a lot of errors in the map currently but none of them affected how the map functioned so it never really bothered me. As such I never really looked through the errors, till now of course. I think after this I&#39;m gonna start taking care of the issues I see pop up as they happen no matter how small they are. The material errors are just cause I&#39;ve used a few WAW and COD4 prefabs in the map and retextured them with BO3 textures and I didn&#39;t get every single brush retextured.<br /></blockquote><br />Well..for starters, you have alot of paths wrong, alot of duplicate GDT&#39;s and alot of files missing. Fix those and then post the log again. There is no easy fix before you do that. Sorry :/</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Dundy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>See there&#39;s also a leak.<br />Try to find the map name lin file...</p>
