# Custom Perk Script
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 1 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Brodie3750</span></span>:</strong>

<p>ISO someone to make a script for me for a perk?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>ISO someone to make a script for me for a perk?<br /></blockquote><br /><br />What would said perk do?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote><a href="https://westviewflyingclub.weebly.com/contact.html">https://westviewflyingclub.weebly.com/contact.html</a> <br /><br /><br />Free 250 WALMART Gift Card Facebook 2022<br />Free WALMART Gift Card $250 2022<br />WALMART Generator 2022<br /><br /><br />Here&#39;s another indication that personnel are able to control more shell out in this Covid-powered overall economy: Walmart, one of many nation&#39;s most significant organisations, is giving more than 565,000 staff a increase.<br /><br />Walmart (WMT) US Leader and CEO John Furner mentioned in a memo to staff attained by CNN Business that starting up on September 25, affiliates employed in the retailer&#39;s front-end of your store, food items and common products devices can get at the very least a money one hour boost.<br /><br />Furner documented within the memo that this was the next this sort of elevate in past times 1 year,<br />&quot;During the last year, we&#39;ve elevated pay money for approximately 1.2 million on an hourly basis employees in our You.S. merchants, growing our You.S. typical on an hourly basis wage to $16.40,&quot; Furner said. Walmart&#39;s existing average pay money for representatives is $15.25.<br /><br />That places Walmart workers prior to many other retailers. A number of, which include pharmacy large CVS (CVS), have raised lowest earnings to $15 an hour or so. There are growing cell phone calls among some people in Congress to make the $15 bare minimum salary degree a federally mandated regulation.<br /><br />President Biden also recently announced wants to improve buy national workers. And this will come at any given time when many Americans need bigger paychecks to manage soaring expenses of food along with other inflation pressures.<br /></blockquote><br />go fuck yourself asshole</p>
