# Traversal Issues for Zombies
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">SGT.FUNNYMAN</span></span>:</strong>

<p>TLDR: Need screenshots of spawner traversals fully scripted right <br /><br />Hello again I am posting this asking about help on traversals, I have looked at numerous posts in regards to this issue, downloading Jbird&#39;s updated traversals, replacing the actor, tried stamping the prefab, linking the struct to the initial animation box, and in all cases the zombie spawn and don&#39;t move. Can someone help with this issue? I am not too good when it comes to traversals for zombies to spawn in and use a traversal to enter the map. Any help would be appreciated because especially for certain parts of my map I solely rely on traversals for zombies to enter. If someone can give a example of what they do for a traversal spawner please let me know so I can sort this issue out, as right now my map is dead in the water.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;m not a zombie mapper, but i&#39;ve seen this question asked many times. Usually its because your map level\spawns are  below x axis and the&#39;yre getting stuck in the ground. Best answer I can give.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Spiki</span></span>:</strong>

<p>if you&#39;re using boarded windows then the script_string on the window prefab and the spawn struct have to be the same<br />if you&#39;re using normal traversals then you just put find_flesh as the script_string on the struct and they&#39;ll path to the  player</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">SGT.FUNNYMAN</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thanks for the suggestions guys, I&#39;ll try this out when I get some free time this afternoon and let you know if that solved the issues.<br /><br />Edit* I want to say thanks to both of you as now my traversals work, for some reason I managed to get a old Treyarch traversal stuck in my prefab folder and was unknowingly using that mixed in with the updated traversals, now they work all I will have to do is replace like 3 traversals with the newer ones thanks again!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">SGT.FUNNYMAN</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thanks again guys was going crazy trying to sort that issue out</p>
