# Black Ops 4 Hitmarker!
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">sharpgamers4you</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I uploaded the hitmarkers and some alternatives in the following post:<br /><a href="https://forum.modme.co/threads/black-ops-4-hitmarkers-alternatives-replacements.3611/">CLICK ME!</a><br /><br />however,<br />This time I set up the scripts and it functions as bo4 hitmarker.<br />The only thing missing is that the hitmarker does not shrink when a zombie is killed.<br />Other than that it&#39;s pretty good.<br /><br />Feel free to add, remove and/or change anything!<br />The instruction for installing this hitmarker can also be found in the <strong>READ ME!</strong> Text file that is included in the download, as well<br />as the main GSC script which can be found in<br /><strong>Black Ops III ROOT</strong><em>/share/raw/scripts/sg4y/hitmarker/sg4y_hitmarker.gsc</em><br />
<strong>STEP 1</strong><br />Download the required files and copy all the files to your root directory<br /><br /><br /><strong>STEP 2</strong><br />Open <strong>YOURMAPNAME.GSC</strong><br />find the following line,<br /><br /><em>#using scripts\zm\zm_usermap;</em><br /><br />add the following under it:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
// SG4Y_HITMARKERS
#using scripts\sg4y\hitmarker\sg4y_hitmarkers;
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><strong>STEP 3</strong><br />Open your map&#39;s &quot;<em>Zone file</em>&quot; (<em>right click your map in launcher and select &quot;Edit Zone File&quot;</em>)<br />Add these lines at the bottom<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
// SG4Y_HITMARKERS
scriptparsetree,scripts/sg4y/hitmarker/sg4y_hitmarkers.gsc
material,sg4y_hitmarker
material,sg4y_hitmarker_death
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><strong>STEP 4</strong><br />Save your files, then in mod tools&#39;s launcher do a full compile (<em>compile, build the lights and link it</em>)<br /><br />I also made a instructions/Installations video for a more detailed tutorial on how to install this correctly!<br /><a href="https://youtu.be/Xj9Xm2Sina4">Link Here!</a> also on the demonstration tab!<br />
<br />
Main Download Link,<br /><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tVxljfV4yJPCEHLe8CW9j4e49OcggjV4/view?usp=sharing">GOOGLE DRIVE!</a><br /><br />Try the backup download link<br />If for any reason the main download link does not work.<br /><a href="https://rapidgator.net/file/2f637de257ca14e7a34a888adcfe4822/SG4YS_Black_Ops_4_Hitmarker!.zip.html">BACKUP DOWNLOAD LINK!</a><br />
<br />
Watch the following video for a more detailed explanation/instructions, you can also see what you get within this video.<br />Please note that the video quality may be in <strong>SD </strong>(<em>Standard Quality</em>) Because it&#39;s still processing the <strong>HD/2K</strong> Version(s) (<em>excluded 4K<br />to speed this process up!</em>)<br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Xj9Xm2Sina4" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />
<br />
<strong>sharpgamers4you </strong>- <em>(Black Ops 4 Hitmarker Version)</em><br /><strong>Mystic </strong>- <em>(for LUA Scripts, but I couldn&#39;t get it to work)</em><br /><strong>Killjoy </strong>- <em>(His Modified Scripts)</em><br /><strong>NateSmithZombies </strong>- <em>(Original Scripts)</em><br /><strong>Scobalula </strong>- <em>(Creating Greyhound (Extraction Tool).</em><br /><strong>DTZxPorter </strong>- <em>(Tools &amp; Plugins.)</em><br /><strong>SE2Dev </strong>- <em>(Tools &amp; Plugins.)</em><br /><strong>Intel </strong>-<em>(DDS + Utils (Photoshop).</em><br /><strong>Treyarch </strong>- <em>(All Original Assets.)</em><br />
</p>
