# Major game problem
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello, when I try to run &quot;Call of Duty: Black Ops 3&quot; the game simply does not start. I will get a black screen for a few seconds, but then it will just close. I have no clue what the problem is, I have updated my drivers, the game worked fine on my pc for years and then one day just suddenly stopped working. I have also verified integrity of game files, run the game in compatibility mode, run as administrator, played in developer mode etc. I have also uninstalled the game and reinstalled it, and when that didn&#39;t work, I uninstalled steam and reinstalled it, then reinstalled the game, and it still does not work. I know this isn&#39;t exactly directly related to the mod tools, however I have a feeling they&#39;re related somehow. Thanks!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ItzRexx-_-</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Indeed I have had this exact same problem, add exception to bo3 root and .exe in your anti-virus software and or.. watch these videos:<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QIbyzT4RSWU" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8GPKH5luq-4" frameborder="0"></iframe></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Indeed I have had this exact same problem, add exception to bo3 root and .exe in your anti-virus software and or.. watch these videos:<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QIbyzT4RSWU" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8GPKH5luq-4" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /></blockquote><br /><br />I really appreciate it, but it still isn&#39;t working. Another thing I should mention, is that one time I got it to work by completely uninstalling steam, then reinstalled everything. It worked for like a day, then stopped working again. Now, even if I do that, it still doesn&#39;t work. I also don&#39;t just get a black screen, I sort of get a black screen with a grey border.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Hello, when I try to run &quot;Call of Duty: Black Ops 3&quot; the game simply does not start. I will get a black screen for a few seconds, but then it will just close. I have no clue what the problem is, I have updated my drivers, the game worked fine on my pc for years and then one day just suddenly stopped working. I have also verified integrity of game files, run the game in compatibility mode, run as administrator, played in developer mode etc. I have also uninstalled the game and reinstalled it, and when that didn&#39;t work, I uninstalled steam and reinstalled it, then reinstalled the game, and it still does not work. I know this isn&#39;t exactly directly related to the mod tools, however I have a feeling they&#39;re related somehow. Thanks!<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Just taking a stab in the dark here, but If BO3 is in a massive directory structure, it simply will not work. Mine is in F:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III<br />if it was longer than that (i think the limit is 255 characters), it won&#39;t run.  Use process of elimination. Try moving it to just X:\Call of Duty Black Ops III, re-connect paths in steam and see if that fixes it. Try another drive entirely. Try safe mode, put it on an external and try it in another PC.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Magicman</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Just taking a stab in the dark here, but If BO3 is in a massive directory structure, it simply will not work. Mine is in F:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III<br />if it was longer than that (i think the limit is 255 characters), it won&#39;t run.  Use process of elimination. Try moving it to just X:\Call of Duty Black Ops III, re-connect paths in steam and see if that fixes it. Try another drive entirely. Try safe mode, put it on an external and try it in another PC.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />Again, thank you, but that did not work either. I don&#39;t have another pc to test it on unfortunately.</p>
