# Legion (Apex Legends Tool) - Is there a problem with POV (viewmodel) animations or am i doing wrong ?
Game Asset Reversing | 3D Models & Animations

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Guema</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hey there.<br /><br />I&#39;m currently working with Legion for a personal project.<br />While i saw multiple tutorials on the web talking about animations in Apex and all,<br />i could&#39;nt see anything about what&#39;s specific about POV animations<br /><br />(In files, POV animations and models are the ones being used in first person, an other word for viewmodels and animations)<br /><br />But i ran into problems, as some animations seems to be accurate with what we have in-game and some are not.<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0liOLjE" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><br />As you can see this reload_seq_0 (reload full sequence) animation seems to work well.<br />To the left, the cam is placed like in-game. everything is accurate whith what we have ingame<br /><br />But, here we get fire1 animation<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/45kZRED" frameborder="0"></iframe><br /><br />I don&#39;t know what is happening here. The animation looks broken.<br />The gun is in the character belly (not even in the camera field). The arms are doing a &quot;surfing&quot; pose. Obviously, this is not what we have in-game.<br /><br />However, the animation movement feels like an ingame fire, it&#39;s just that the pose is absolutely wrong<br /><br />The problem is that half of Pov anims have this kind of problem, and i cannot know what is happening here.<br />Again, nothing on the net, and no tool extended docs, so i can&#39;t test so much things about extraction.<br />I could be using Blender wrongly too.<br /><br />I have multiple hypothesis but nothing too solid.<br /><br />Do someone have any clue of what is going ? Or have any hint about how to get anims looks like the ingame ones ? i have some hypothesis, but nothing too solid.<br />Thanks in advance</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #CB2D36;"><span style="color:#CB2D36;">DTZxPorter</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Blender does not support additive animations: <a href="https://github.com/SE2Dev/io_anim_seanim/issues/8">https://github.com/SE2Dev/io_anim_seanim/issues/8</a></p>
