# Challenges Script
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ConvictioNDR</span></span>:</strong>

<p>The challenges I&#39;ve used in my maps for years are now available to download for use in your own maps. After each challenge is completed by 1 player in the game it unlocks a perk for purchase for all players. Once all challenges have been completed it will unlock a buyable ending. If you&#39;d like a different ending than a buyable ending you will need to script it yourself. The buyable ending supports a random price or you can set your own price.<br />If you do not want the ending of your map to be controlled by the challenges and just want the challenges to unlock more perks then comment these lines in zm_challenges.gsc<br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
ending = getent("buyable_ending", "targetname");
    ending thread buyable_ending();

{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
Download here: <a href="https://mega.nz/file/FVpmDbjZ#Q3tNcxyQ5Ing22MN5qRFwsDklObnFKyvebhhOsJfgfo">https://mega.nz/file/FVpmDbjZ#Q3tNcxyQ5Ing22MN5qRFwsDklObnFKyvebhhOsJfgfo</a><br /><br />Add a trigger_use in your map for each challenge with the targetnames of...<br />points_true<br />kills_true<br />headshots_true<br />rounds_true<br />perks_true<br />These triggers are your challenge triggers in the map where players will purchase the perk once the challenge is complete.<br />Add a trigger use with the targetname of buyable_ending for the buyable ending once all challenges are complete.<br />In zm_challenges.gsc search for the word &quot;custom&quot; for stuff that should be edited to your liking.<br /><br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qjjioSzpjjE" frameborder="0"></iframe></p>
