# Adding Enemy Soldiers To A Map?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Models & Animation

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>So I was hoping to add enemy soldiers to my map. I&#39;m aware that it will involve scripting to set up spawns etc, and I can do that part. My issue is, I have never messed with ai animations. Except for adding one animation to the zombies, by adding it to the zm_genesis_zombie.ai_am animtable.<br /><br />I don&#39;t need anyone to hold my hand through the whole process, just tell me what I need to do to get started.<br />Could I just rip the scripts/animtree/animtables with hydra and be set?<br />Do I need to port the anims as you would to add a mp weapon?<br />Do I need to define the anims in zm_genesis_zombie? That may sound stupid but when I tried to make my own .ai_am file, it wasn&#39;t recognized, even when I added it to my .zone file.<br />Would I need to set them up in an animtree? <br />I just need a push in the right direction, any help is greatly appreciated and of course would receive credit for helping my noob self.<br />Thanks for your time, and for reading my rambling.<br />Also sorry if this isn&#39;t the right section, I figured it&#39;d be the best one since I&#39;m trying to figure out what to do about the anims.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">gunrock12</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I don&#39;t know if this will help but try to look at Harry Bo21 custom zombies civil protector: <iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bWmIwTRc190:6" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />that has a ai companion in it. maybe get in contact with Harry Bo21 himself perhaps he could help.<br />I do wish we could get Singlepayer ai characters in zombies maps.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I don&#39;t know if this will help but try to look at Harry Bo21 custom zombies civil protector: <br />that has a ai companion in it. maybe get in contact with Harry Bo21 himself perhaps he could help.<br />I do wish we could get Singlepayer ai characters in zombies maps.<br /></blockquote><br />That actually helped quite a bit thank you so much! If I can get it to work, I will release a text tutorial and download on the forum with everything someone would need for it.<br />I REALLY want to get it to work and I&#39;ve got some time to dedicate to it. If I feel completely hopeless I&#39;ll try to reach out to Harry, I don&#39;t know if he&#39;s still active in the community and I&#39;d hate to pester him.</p>
