# Upgraded Weapons in the Mystery Box
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Fanatic</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Similar to the Revelations Wisp Easter Egg, how do I change to Upgraded Weapons in the Mystery Box?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I guess we have had similar ideas haha. So I couldn&#39;t find the script for the wisp ee when I decompile the ff. Granted I didn&#39;t look very hard, so I just started trying different things. After hours of trial and error, I found 2 things that work. <br /><br />The first method I found was just give everyone a pseudo crate power with  self.bgb = &quot;zm_bgb_crate_power&quot;;<br />I don&#39;t use gobblegums so I haven&#39;t tested if they do conflict, but I am guessing they would.<br /><br />The second one is what they did with lil&#39; arnines. <br />in your zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv define an upgraded and nonupgraded version of each weapon for the box, and don&#39;t put the upgraded weapon in the box at all.<br />This is also why i think it may cause issues with a large amount of weapons. I don&#39;t know if adding both an upgraded and nonupgraded version of each weapon would count as double the weapons in your map or not. If it does, that can be an issue.<br />Example:<br />nv4,nv4_upgraded,,1250,rifle,,,,,TRUE,FALSE,FALSE,,,FALSE,TRUE,rifle,,,<br />nv4_upgraded,nv4_upgraded,,5000,rifle,,,,,FALSE,FALSE,FALSE,,,FALSE,TRUE,rifle,,,<br /><br />then whenever you want to swap to the papbox you just use:<br />level.zombie_weapons[getweapon(&quot;nv4_upgraded&quot;)].is_in_box = 1;<br />level.zombie_weapons[getweapon(&quot;nv4&quot;)].is_in_box = 0;<br /><br />You can make it a temporary thing or make it permanent. While cycling the weapons will look nonupgraded, but when it stops spinning it will be upgraded.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Fanatic</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I guess we have had similar ideas haha. So I couldn&#39;t find the script for the wisp ee when I decompile the ff. Granted I didn&#39;t look very hard, so I just started trying different things. After hours of trial and error, I found 2 things that work.<br /><br />The first method I found was just give everyone a pseudo crate power with  self.bgb = &quot;zm_bgb_crate_power&quot;;<br />I don&#39;t use gobblegums so I haven&#39;t tested if they do conflict, but I am guessing they would.<br /><br />The second one is what they did with lil&#39; arnines.<br />in your zm_levelcommon_weapons.csv define an upgraded and nonupgraded version of each weapon for the box, and don&#39;t put the upgraded weapon in the box at all.<br />This is also why i think it may cause issues with a large amount of weapons. I don&#39;t know if adding both an upgraded and nonupgraded version of each weapon would count as double the weapons in your map or not. If it does, that can be an issue.<br />Example:<br />nv4,nv4_upgraded,,1250,rifle,,,,,TRUE,FALSE,FALSE,,,FALSE,TRUE,rifle,,,<br />nv4_upgraded,nv4_upgraded,,5000,rifle,,,,,FALSE,FALSE,FALSE,,,FALSE,TRUE,rifle,,,<br /><br />then whenever you want to swap to the papbox you just use:<br />level.zombie_weapons[getweapon(&quot;nv4_upgraded&quot;)].is_in_box = 1;<br />level.zombie_weapons[getweapon(&quot;nv4&quot;)].is_in_box = 0;<br /><br />You can make it a temporary thing or make it permanent. While cycling the weapons will look nonupgraded, but when it stops spinning it will be upgraded.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />thanks, i&#39;ll give them a try :)</p>
