# [Tutorial] How to use ANY camo on your classes with mods(Multiplayer edition)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">apara</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I would like to firstly give credit to [USER=213]@KINGSLAYER[/USER] Kyle for doing most of the research. This thread will teach you how to choose whatever camos you would like and put them on any gun you want.<br />NOTE: This will ONLY work with MOD USERMAP enabled as there is no way to edit your loadouts without them.<br /><br />First, you want to do is go into the game and load up the usermaps mod(this can be done by simply selecting a custom map in multiplayer in custom games, or by loading a private match in zombies and selecting a custom map then going to multiplayer) and to your create a class. <br /><br />Next, select the guns you want the camo to be applied to as you will have to repeat a later step every time you want to switch your gun. Keep in mind you SHOULD NOT select an attachment beforehand as their hex values may be the same hex value to the camo you are trying to put on. <br /><br />Afterwards, Select any multiplayer camo EXCEPT for the FIRST 3 as they have the same hex values as some others in the loadout file. I recommend the 4TH one(Heat Stroke) as its hex value(04) is the only one with that number. After that, simply exit the game but do NOT use TASK MANAGER as it won&#39;t save the camos.<br /><br />The next step is to go to the loadout file( which should be in C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Call of Duty Black Ops III\players\mods\usermaps), click on loadouts_mp_offline_0.cgp, and copy it to a separate folder in case you mess up.<br /><br />Next, open up your favorite Hex Editor(if you don&#39;t have one, HxD is a good one and its free) and import your loadout file<br /><br />Here is where it gets technical. I am going to list a file that kingslayer kyle provided of the list of camos and their numbers. I have also linked an example of the loadout file with Dark Matter. It also contains DLC guns if you want to try them. NOTE: these are NOT in HEX, you have to do that yourself.<br /><br />// Multiplayer<br />1-&gt;Jungle tech<br />2-&gt;Ash<br />3-&gt;Flectarn<br />4-&gt;Heat Stroke<br />5-&gt;Snow Job<br />6-&gt;Dante<br />7-&gt;Integer<br />8-&gt;6 speed<br />9-&gt;Policia<br />10-&gt;Ardent<br />11-&gt;Burnt<br />12-&gt;Bliss<br />13-&gt;Battle<br />14-&gt;Charmeleon<br />15-&gt;Gold<br />16-&gt;Diamond<br />17-&gt;Dark Matter<br />// Campaign<br />18-&gt;Artic<br />19-&gt;Jungle<br />20-&gt;Huntsman<br />21-&gt;Woodlums<br />// zombies<br />22-&gt;Contagious<br />23-&gt;Fear<br />24-&gt;WMD<br />25-&gt;Red Hex<br />// Extra<br />26-&gt;Afterlife (Shadow Of Evil)<br />27-&gt;Black Ops 3<br />28-&gt;Weaponized 115<br />29-&gt;Cyborg<br />30-&gt;True Vet<br />// others<br />31-&gt;Snow Job (Duplicate)<br />32-&gt;6 speed (Duplicate)<br />33-&gt;Takeout<br />34-&gt;Unknown (grey)<br />35-&gt;Nuketown<br />36-&gt;Transgression<br />37-&gt;Burnt(Duplicate)<br />38-&gt;Storm<br />39-&gt;Wartorn<br />40-&gt;Prestige<br />41-&gt;Unknown<br />42-&gt;The Giant camo<br />43-&gt;Ice<br />44-&gt;Dust<br />45-&gt;Unknown<br />46-&gt;Unknown<br />47-&gt;Contrast<br />48-&gt;Verde<br />49-&gt;Firebrand<br />50-&gt;Field<br />75-80 -- Der Eisendrache Camo<br />81 -- Zetsubou No Shima Camo<br />82 -- Blood Camo<br />83 -- Haptic Camo<br />84-88 -- Gorod Krovi Camos<br />89-117 -- Bo3 ChampionShip Camos<br />120 -- Bo3 ChampionShip Camo<br />118 -- Unknown Camos Please feel free to tell me the correct names!<br />119 -- Unknown Camos Please feel free to tell me the correct names!<br />121-125 -- Revelation camos<br />126 -- Lucid Camo<br />127 -- No Camo<br /><br />Next, convert whichever camo you want into hex(i.e. Dark Matter is 17, which in Hex is 11 or the 1st revelations camo is 121, which in hex is 79.<br /><br />We are almost done. But keep in mind I DO NOT know which numbers are for WHICH create-a-class number, so I recommend you select a different camo for each gun in the create a class in-game if you want different camos on all the guns.<br /><br />If you are select camos individually for each weapon, go to 1a. If not, go to 1b.<br /><br />1a) Before doing this. YOU SHOULD have selected a different camo for each weapon otherwise, you put the wrong camo on the wrong gun. Press CTRL+F on your keyboard, go to the hex values section, and in the Find box, type in the hex value of the CAMO YOU PUT on the gun. Press ok and once it&#39;s highlighted, replace the value by clicking in front of the values in typing in the hex value for the camo YOU WANT. If done correctly it should be highlighted in RED and the correct number should be displayed. Repeat this step for all guns. Afterward, Click FIle-&gt;Save and close the Hex editor.<br /><br />1b) On your keyboard, press CTRL+R. Go to the hex values section and in the find box and type in the hex value for the camo YOU PUT on the guns. In the replace box, type in the value of the camo YOU WANT on the guns. Press Ok, then click File-&gt;Save. Afterward, you can close the Hex Editor.<br /><br />YOU ARE DONE! Simply load the game, enter the mod, and your camos should be there. If not, please review my steps or ask a question in the comments.<br /><br />QUICK COMMENTS/Q&amp;A<br /><br />Q; I am not able to access a specific create a class # or it is greyed out<br />A; This only occurs for people when they edit the camos INDIVIDUALLY. You have edited the WRONG Value. If you can find it, change the value back to the original(if you remember), or put your backup back into the usermaps folder.<br /><br />COMMENT: I noticed when I edited some values incorrectly. IT actually gave me a DLC Gun. I switch one of the 01 values with 11 and it gave me the HG-40. Unfortunately, I was unable to test it as it was in the secondary slot and overkill wasn&#39;t enabled. This means that it is POSSIBLE to give yourself DLC GUNS in your create a class. We may be able to find the HEX values of a GUN by looking at the picture in the camo slot. I noticed that the dark matter camo when imported, the icon is the HG-40 in the personalize section, so it may be possible to find them that way.</p>
