# Show Box at All Locations?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Hello! So I was wondering if anyone knows a proper way to make the box appear at all locations for the whole match?<br /><br />I found one method utilizing show_chests and then setting the fire_sale_on zombie_vars to true. <br />I had to turn the zombie_vars on or the boxes would only be able to hit one time before the trigger no longer appears. <br />The only trigger that doesn&#39;t disappear is at the start_chest location, regardless of where the box was before using show_chests.<br />The only issue with this method is the fire sale icon appears on the hud. Other than that it worked perfect for what I needed. I tried to turn off the clientfield hoping that would work, but it did nothing. <br />I used player clientfield::set_to_player( CLIENTFIELD_POWERUP_FIRE_SALE, CLIENTFIELD_POWERUP_STATE_OFF ); to &quot;turn off&quot; the hud, but that didn&#39;t actually work.<br />which, I think, is what they use to turn off the hud icon in zm_powerups. That was just a shot in the dark really. I did remember to include the gsh, and even tried my own gsh with no luck.<br /><br />If I can find a way to stop the trigger from disabling after each hit, I wouldn&#39;t have to set the zombie_vars. <br />Does anyone have an idea of how to make multiple chest appear properly, and not my weird, half-assed way?<br />Of course you will receive credit for helping out this scrub, and thanks for reading my rambling.</p>
