# Attach a Light/FX to a dynamic ent?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;m sure everyone remembers the hanging lamp in verruckt that you could spam nades at for a funny laugh as it spazzed out. I wanted to bring them back.<br /><br />I figured out how to add a rope and attach a dyanmic model(I didn&#39;t test a script_model, but regular models didn&#39;t react when shot, no physics).<br />The only problem is no matter what I do I cant get a light or fx to attach to the dynamic entity and move with it.<br /><br />I spawned an fx with spawnfxondynent and that worked, but it only spawns it at the origin of the dynent and doesn&#39;t attach it. It had to be done in csc because that function didn&#39;t work with gsc, nor did getent since it was a dynamic ent.<br />I tried using linkto and that didn&#39;t help at all, which I figured would be the case.<br /><br />I went as far as attaching the light/fx straight to the end of the rope instead of a model, and it still wouldn&#39;t move.<br />Are there &quot;dynamic lights&quot; that behave similar to other dynamic ents? I couldn&#39;t find them but I wouldn&#39;t be shocked haha.<br /><br />I noticed SOMEHOW treyarch uses playfxontag in a csc sctipt. However when I try it the game crashes every time. I even included every script that was in the file using playfxontag, and replicated the way they had it scripted, no luck. I should state I have about 10 minutes of experience with csc, so please don&#39;t crucify me if it is easy to do.<br /><br />Then my thought was &quot;well I&#39;ll just see how they did it in the remaaster!&quot; Yeah... they didn&#39;t do it... They are just normal hanging lights now. Which led me to think they just couldn&#39;t be bothered to add it.<br />If anyone could point me in the right direction I&#39;d be very grateful. Thanks for reading!<br /><br />Edit:<br />So I found a method using what they did from waw with physicslaunch. Unfortunately I can&#39;t chain launches at the moment. I&#39;ll continue messing with it, but I got what I needed for now</p>
