# Modding Assets Dump
Game Asset Reversing | Releases

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ConvictioNDR</span></span>:</strong>

<p><a href="https://mega.nz/folder/kF4iDJZI#3PseBf4UUeTlvrCgwpOduw">https://mega.nz/folder/kF4iDJZI#3PseBf4UUeTlvrCgwpOduw</a><br /><br />Things that can be found in this folder:<br />COD2 - Weapons sounds, music, and map source (snatch it up fast as who knows if Activision will ever catch on to this link).<br />COD4 - Weapon sounds and some weapon ports that can also be used in World at War.<br />WaW - COD Ghosts Alien models for dogs, my entire map source including scripts, all my released maps and mods since 2012 including my first 2 maps that weren&#39;t so great and the links have been broken for years, and some random tutorials I had saved as text files for my own reference.<br />BO1 - Zombies Gun Game mod, Zombies One in the Chamber mod, and Trench Defense Zombies map for BO1.<br />BO3 - All scripts I&#39;ve released for zombies, Calumpit Chaos Map Source for anyone that would like to make it into a multiplayer map, and the map source for 4 unfinished map remasters including SOG, Wolf River, COD2 Leningrad, and nazi_zombie_subway. If you use any of those map sources please mention me on Twitter or something. I&#39;d like to see the results.<br /><br />I am deleting my mod tools and have no idea if I will ever get back to modding, so I am releasing a good amount of my assets for the community to use. It&#39;s been great for the most part the last 9 years of modding but I just don&#39;t have the time for it anymore and I&#39;ve decided to spend what little free time I get with other interests. I will likely still be around playing custom maps every once in awhile, but without the tools installed I likely won&#39;t be able to lend much support for any issues with the assets I&#39;ve released. Hopefully they can be used by someone to bring more quality content to the game. Thanks to all those who have played over the years and helped me in modding.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">M5_Prodigy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Been a real good ride man</p>
