# is it possible to remap old bo1 maps in to bo3?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | General Discussion

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Luckyy</span></span>:</strong>

<p>i have the base but not sure on how to get it in to radiant <a href="{{ '/wiki/threads/assets/a.1114.PNG' | relative_url }}">Download "Capture.PNG"</a></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>To save time, I set every mesh to one texture in the hypershade editor in maya, just so when you throw it into ape you can slap on one image and start mapping. I also removed any volumes that were surrounding the map entirely, just so there wouldn&#39;t be giant boxes around the map in radiant. Also any script ents will be in the middle of the map, so you might want to delete those. Not sure if that&#39;s still a thing, been a while since I ripped a map with Husky. This was all assuming you were planning on mapping out the map and not just clipping the model of the map. I wouldn&#39;t recommend that though. <br />If you are planning on clipping it, you will have to do all of the materials properly.<br />I was able to just keep the entire map together and export it as one model. If your map is too big you can export it in sections.<br />Select a bunch of meshes in the outliner, export, select another batch to export, rinse and repeat.<br />Then open up radiant with no map open, slap in all the sections of the map models and then 0 out their origins, your map should be all together. You can then save it as a prefab so you can move it around all together and start mapping it out.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I did the above when I did my version of nuketown. I used the bo1 nuketown layout as a base, exported them all as models that I used as a template, then re-made them with brushes.<br />It&#39;s good for a 1:1 replica, it also hilights where the developers made fuck ups lol</p>
