# How to detect if the player is repairing a window?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Ezzocorbi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Just what the title says: how do I check if the player is repairing a window? I tried by checking whether the player&#39;s score increased, but if he shoots zombies my function still returns true.<br />Here&#39;s the code in action: <a href="https://streamable.com/8exord">https://streamable.com/8exord</a><br /><br />[CODE=cpp]function giveammo()<br />{<br />    while(1)<br />    {<br />        self waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); //The trigger here is the trigger of the window, it&#39;s triggered when the player walks into it<br />        score_before_repair = player.score;<br />        wait 0.05;<br />        score_after_repair = player.score;<br />        if(score_after_repair &gt; score_before_repair) //I compare the score before and after repairing the boards, if it increased I print &quot;Repairing Board&quot;<br />        {<br />            iPrintln(&quot;^2Repairing Board&quot;);  <br />        }<br />    wait 0.1;<br />    }<br />}<br /><br />function get_windows()<br />{<br /><br />    self endon(&quot;disconnect&quot;);<br />    self endon(&quot;death&quot;);<br /><br />    window_boards = struct::get_array( &quot;exterior_goal&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot; ); //Get all the windows in the map<br /><br />    foreach(window in window_boards)<br />    {<br />        window thread giveammo(); //And thread the function giveammo() for each window<br />    }<br />}[/CODE]<br /><br />This way of checking when the player is interacting with the window is kinda buggy, is there a better way to do it?<br />Thanks in advance!<br /><br />P.S. I&#39;m new to GSC and coding in general, this is my first project actually, so if you see any mistake or have any advice please tell me!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">eDeK</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I dont test it but maybe something like that, idk.<br />{% highlight php %}
callback::on_spawned( &amp;xxx );
{% endhighlight %}
{% highlight php %}
function xxx()
{   
    for( ;; )
    {
        self waittill( &quot;boarding_window&quot; );

        IPrintLn(&quot;^2Repairing Board&quot;);     
    }           
}
{% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Ezzocorbi</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thanks, this works perfectly.</p>
