# Navmesh
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">eDeK</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Someone know what means when the &quot;navmesh&quot; is color &quot;blue / green / white&quot; ?<br />The correct color is &quot;yellow&quot; but what try to say the others colors?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Sleepy216</span></span>:</strong>

<p>I&#39;d like to know this too. One area in my map is an all white navmesh. <br />I assumed it was because it is in no way attached to the &quot;main&quot; navmesh(the yellow one). <br />However it still seems to function just like the normal navmesh.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>I&#39;d like to know this too. One area in my map is an all white navmesh. <br />I assumed it was because it is in no way attached to the &quot;main&quot; navmesh(the yellow one). <br />However it still seems to function just like the normal navmesh.<br /></blockquote><br />They are different colours because they are separate navmeshes the doors connect them</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">eDeK</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Then, the color &quot;blue / green / white &quot;, dont means something is &quot;broken or bad connected&quot; in the navmesh with the nodes or traversals.<br />Anyways the zombies spawn correctly and they use the traversals.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Harry Bo21</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Then, the color &quot;blue / green / white &quot;, dont means something is &quot;broken or bad connected&quot; in the navmesh with the nodes or traversals.<br />Anyways the zombies spawn correctly and they use the traversals.<br /></blockquote><br />Yea nothings broken, it’s so you can see which is not connected to the one you are on<br /><br />I’m on yellow - so that blue area over there is not part of this<br /><br />Think when you open the door they will both be yellow<br /><br />Etc</p>
