# Model images not loading in?
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Dusty12<br />I&#39;ve been making a pretty large zombies map for some time, I just started working on it again and now when I open my model viewer the icons will load in but then after a few minutes, they will stop loading in at all. I just bought more RAM because I was thinking I was just running out of RAM but it&#39;s still doing it. And no it&#39;s not that I have a junk PC. My PC should be more than capable to load some models in the model viewer.<br />Specs are:<br />Intel i7 4790k <br />16 GB RAM<br />GTX 970<br /> <br />If anyone has any ideas as to why this is happening I would really appreciate it because as of right now I can&#39;t even place models in my map.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">RaGe-74</span></span>:</strong>

<p><blockquote>Thread By: Dusty12<br />I&#39;ve been making a pretty large zombies map for some time, I just started working on it again and now when I open my model viewer the icons will load in but then after a few minutes, they will stop loading in at all. I just bought more RAM because I was thinking I was just running out of RAM but it&#39;s still doing it. And no it&#39;s not that I have a junk PC. My PC should be more than capable to load some models in the model viewer.<br />Specs are:<br />Intel i7 4790k<br />16 GB RAM<br />GTX 970<br /><br />If anyone has any ideas as to why this is happening I would really appreciate it because as of right now I can&#39;t even place models in my map.<br /></blockquote><br /><br />I can&#39;t say specifically what&#39;s wrong without seeing it first hand, but all that I can assume is that you&#39;ve possibly hit a model limit. If you have the map separated up into different prefabs, try disabling them (rename the .map extension so it doesn&#39;t load) and see if that works. Process of elimination. Keep disabling stuff until it works, then re-introduce it bit by bit. Also  check your autosave backups in &quot;\Call of Duty Black Ops III\radiant\autosave_backup&quot; to see if you can load an earlier working copy.<br />Unfortunately, BO3 Radiant still does have limits (I&#39;ve hit FX limit a few times), so it&#39;s a matter of trial and error to see what does and doesn&#39;t work</p>
