# Player Falls Off And Respawns Back On The Map
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: MJPW<br />Hi there! Im trying to find out how to make the player get tossed back onto the map when they fall off the sides.<br /> <br />Think of it like going down Rainbow Road and falling off the side and being pulled back on.<br /> <br />Thank you!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: ZeRoY<br /><blockquote><em>MJPW</em><br />Hi there! Im trying to find out how to make the player get tossed back onto the map when they fall off the sides.   Think of it like going down Rainbow Road and falling off the side and being pulled back on.   Thank you!</blockquote><br /> <br />If I recall there was a topic on there somewhere but cant find it!!</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mathfag<br />Make a trigger_multiple -&gt; <span style="color:#ff6600;">targetname = &quot;trig_return_to_map&quot;</span> and place it under the map<br />and a script_struct -&gt; <span style="color:#ff6600;">targetname = &quot;off_map_tp_spot&quot;</span> and place it where you the player teleports<br /> <br /> <br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
trig = GetEnt("trig_return_to_map","targetname");
spot = struct::get("off_map_tp_spot", "targetname");
while(1)
    {
    trig waittill("trigger", player);
    player SetOrigin(spot);
    } {% endhighlight %}
</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: MJPW<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />Make a trigger_multiple -&gt; targetname = &quot;trig_return_to_map&quot; and place it under the map and a script_struct -&gt; targetname = &quot;off_map_tp_spot&quot; and place it where you the player teleports       trig = GetEnt(&quot;trig_return_to_map&quot;,&quot;targetname&quot;); spot = struct::get(&quot;off_map_tp_spot&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); while(1) { trig waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); player SetOrigin(spot); }</blockquote><br /> Thank you!</p>
