# nav mesh broken
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Radiant

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: greatbrendini<br />so my nav mesh should generate naturally but for some reason all it does is generate on the outside of the playable zones i set up so the zombies will walk around outside and try to get to me through walls and stuff but i don&#39;t know why its doing this. It was working fine before and i don&#39;t know what to do since i also put down a nav volume in the map after finding out it was a navigation mesh issue and its still broken. any ideas on how to fix this? maybe i messed the volume nav up too? it just mostly feels like nobody can help me and i put so much work into this map i really don&#39;t want to lose it.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: mikey<br /><blockquote><em>greatbrendini</em><br />so my nav mesh should generate naturally but for some reason all it does is generate on the outside of the playable zones i set up so the zombies will walk around outside and try to get to me through walls and stuff but i don&#39;t know why its doing this. It was working fine before and i don&#39;t know what to do since i also put down a nav volume in the map after finding out it was a navigation mesh issue and its still broken. any ideas on how to fix this? maybe i messed the volume nav up too? it just mostly feels like nobody can help me and i put so much work into this map i really don&#39;t want to lose it.</blockquote><br /> <br />You can always go back to previous versions of the map by going to the main BO3 folder and going to Radiant &gt; Autosave and going to a earlier version of the map and seeing what you did differently</p>
