# How to Stop Cheats
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: natesmithzombies<br />Another very simple script for you guys here. I would like to thank DUKIP for making me aware that ModVar was an engine function. Now lets get started:<br /><br /><br /><br />Step 1) <br /><br />Navigate to your mapname.gsc. Example location: Call of Duty Black Ops III\usermaps\zm_mapname\scripts\zm.<br /><br />Scroll to the very bottom of the script and paste this function there:<br /><br /><br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function anti_cheat()
{
	ModVar( "god", 0 ); 
	ModVar( "noclip", 0 ); 
	ModVar( "give", 0 ); 
	ModVar( "notarget", 0 ); 
	ModVar( "demigod", 0 ); 
	ModVar( "ufo", 0 );  
}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><br />Step 2)<br /><br />Go back to the top of your mapname.gsc and add the following code:<br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
level anti_cheat(); 
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br />Underneath: <br /><br />{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function main()
{
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
<br /><br /><br />Be sure to give me a shoutout if you are using my script and don&#39;t be afraid to recommend scripts that you would like for future tutorials! :)<br /><br /><br /><br />---<br /><br /><br /><br /><em>Mod note: This has now been added to the wiki. - Koan</em></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Hero115<br />Nice! +1 Win from me.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: D-2-K<br /><p style="text-align:left;">Nate quick question s there a way to stop people using the mod menu i only ask as &quot;The Judge&quot; used one to find out what requirements where needed for the shootable EE he recons the power and 12 perk slotts had to be bought in order for it to work which is not the case but regardless would be nice to know that we can stop all mods/cheets from being used </p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">his statment on my map</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">(By the way, it DOES require you to have 12 slots and power on correct? I was playing and threw on a mod menu to test if that was true or not, and to my knowledge unless power is on and you have 12 slots then you won&#39;t get the perks.)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">im not mad or salty about the issue infact i congradulated him on a well detailed set of instructions on how to get them all i just wondered if it was possable to stop all cheat menu&#39;s </p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">cheers </p></p>
