# Script once shoot 3 objects it gives eevrone in game a gun
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: W33DKilla<br />I need someone that is a good scripter to give me a script that will make everyone in the game get a weapon of my choosing after shooting 3 objects around the map :)</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br />I made this in a hurry and I haven&#39;t tested it yet, so there&#39;s a good chance something is wrong with it.<br /><br />Open up your mapname.GSC and insert:<br /><br />[CODE=php]level thread easter_egg();[/CODE]<br /><br />in your main function.<br /><br />Then paste:<br /><br />[CODE=php]function easter_egg() { level.easter_egg_finished = 0; thread one(); thread two(); thread three(); thread easter_egg_ending(); } function one() { trig_1 = GetEnt( &quot;trig_1&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); model_1 = GetEnt( &quot;model_1&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); trig_1 waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); level.easter_egg_finished ++; model_1 Delete(); trig_1 Delete(); } function two() { trig_2 = GetEnt( &quot;trig_2&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); model_2 = GetEnt( &quot;model_2&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); trig_2 waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); level.easter_egg_finished ++; model_2 Delete(); trig_2 Delete(); } function three() { trig_3 = GetEnt( &quot;trig_3&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); model_3 = GetEnt( &quot;model_3&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); trig_3 waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); level.easter_egg_finished ++; model_3 Delete(); trig_3 Delete(); } function easter_egg_ending() { if(level.easter_egg_finished == 3) { all GiveWeapon( INSERT_WEAPON_CODE_NAME_HERE); } }[/CODE]<br /><br /><br /><br />down at the bottom of the GSC.<br /><br />Replace the INSERT_WEAPON_CODE_NAME_HERE with the codename of the weapon you want.<br /><br />in Radiant make 3 script models of the thing you want the players to shoot at, and give them the KVP of Targetname: model_1, Targetname: model_2, and Targetname: model_3.<br /><br />create 3 trigger_damage and put them around the models you made and give them the KVP of Targetname: trig_1, Targetname: trig_2, and Targetname: trig_3.<br /><br />Make sure they are matching their respective models, so trig_1 is around model_1 and so on.<br /><br /><br /><br />Then compile your map and link and you should be good!<br /><br />Like I said I made this in a hurry, and am not quite sure how the GiveWeapon function works so let me know if this is broken and hopefully I can fix it.</p>
