# How to add custom weapons to a wallbuy, and the mystery box
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: PowerD7<br /><p style="text-align:left;">How do you add custom weapons to the mystery box and add it as a wallbuy. When I try to ad the MWR MP5 as a wallbuy, when I walk up to it, it says &quot;MP5 [Cost: 0]&quot; and it won&#39;t give it to me when i try to but it. Whenever I hit the box all of the default weapons are there. I&#39;ve tried editing the zm_levelcommon.csv and it does nothing.</p></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Wild<br /><blockquote><em>PowerD7</em><p style="text-align:left;">How do you add custom weapons to the mystery box and add it as a wallbuy. When I try to ad the MWR MP5 as a wallbuy, when I walk up to it, it says &quot;MP5 [Cost: 0]&quot; and it won&#39;t give it to me when i try to but it. Whenever I hit the box all of the default weapons are there. I&#39;ve tried editing the zm_levelcommon.csv and it does nothing.</p></blockquote><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">Hey, I am not to sure about the wallbuy but it seems you might have not done it correctly. Try using this tutorial: <iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jD3t1ZvmpQ4:701" frameborder="0"></iframe></p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">Now for the box weapons. I have fixed this myself when I had a problem and have told other people with the same problem and it worked for them so it should work for you. What you&#39;re going to do is copy the zm_levelcommon.csv. Then go into your maps folder and create a new folder named gamedata. In that create another folder called weapons, then in that make another folder called zm then in the zm folder paste the zm_levelcommon.csv. Now it should work as long as you&#39;ve done everything else correct. Make sure when you add weapons to the box you now use the zm_levelcommon.csv we just made in your mapfolder\gamedata\weapons\zm, rather than the one in share\raw\gamedata etc...</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">If that&#39;s confusing just pm me on here and I&#39;ll explain it in a lot more detail :) I might even make a tutorial on here if a lot more people have problems.</p></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">Cdub7304</span></span>:</strong>

<p>This does not work for me at all. it causes my wallbuy to be 0 and it causes no animations with the box. Ive edited the weapons.csv file in the raw folder still nothing, I created a custom weapons.csv and changed the stringtable and function to corrispond with the new weapons.csv file name and still no change. Not sure what to do. Ive followed, jBird, uptown, madgaz, icegrenade, craftdanimation, any I can find still wont work in desperate need of help.</p>
