# Custom Perk help!
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: XxRaPiDK3LLERxX<br /><p style="text-align:left;">So these custom perks that I&#39;m trying to make are like upgrades to Juggernog etc but will have different machine lights and icon.</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">So here&#39;s what Upgraded Juggernog is called: Extremenog - (I&#39;m currently using SoE jingle for juggernog so this new version would have the old jingle)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">I&#39;m going to use juggernog&#39;s perk machine and try to edit it&#39;s light to pink (Like the juggernog upgrade in revelations)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">The help I need is that if I use the juggernog machine model, how can I make a new icon for it? How do I script it? would copying and pasting juggernog script and changing any text that is called *Juggernog* to the new name?</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">Thanks!</p></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: natesmithzombies<br /><blockquote><em>XxRaPiDK3LLERxX</em><p style="text-align:left;">So these custom perks that I&#39;m trying to make are like upgrades to Juggernog etc but will have different machine lights and icon.</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">So here&#39;s what Upgraded Juggernog is called: Extremenog - (I&#39;m currently using SoE jingle for juggernog so this new version would have the old jingle)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">I&#39;m going to use juggernog&#39;s perk machine and try to edit it&#39;s light to pink (Like the juggernog upgrade in revelations)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">The help I need is that if I use the juggernog machine model, how can I make a new icon for it? How do I script it? would copying and pasting juggernog script and changing any text that is called *Juggernog* to the new name?</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">Thanks!</p></blockquote><p style="text-align:left;">This is kind of alot to bite off at once. You might want to make this one a project for learning all the things. I would suggest trying to script it first and then making the icon after you see it is working. Maybe creating a way to upgrade jug might be a better idea than making an entirely new machine </p></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: The Last Knight898<br /><p style="text-align:left;">u can try editing the juggernog model in APE and editing its stats( go to the perk.gsc)</p><p style="text-align:left;">im not very good with changing models so im not to sure how easy it is</p></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: XxRaPiDK3LLERxX<br /><blockquote><em>natesmithzombies</em><blockquote><em>XxRaPiDK3LLERxX</em><p style="text-align:left;">So these custom perks that I&#39;m trying to make are like upgrades to Juggernog etc but will have different machine lights and icon.</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">So here&#39;s what Upgraded Juggernog is called: Extremenog - (I&#39;m currently using SoE jingle for juggernog so this new version would have the old jingle)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">I&#39;m going to use juggernog&#39;s perk machine and try to edit it&#39;s light to pink (Like the juggernog upgrade in revelations)</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">The help I need is that if I use the juggernog machine model, how can I make a new icon for it? How do I script it? would copying and pasting juggernog script and changing any text that is called *Juggernog* to the new name?</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><p style="text-align:left;">Thanks!</p></blockquote><p style="text-align:left;">This is kind of alot to bite off at once. You might want to make this one a project for learning all the things. I would suggest trying to script it first and then making the icon after you see it is working. Maybe creating a way to upgrade jug might be a better idea than making an entirely new machine </p></blockquote><p style="text-align:left;">Scripting it would be hard for me... that was an idea, I was trying to make the perk machine the same as jugger nog but make all red, to pink and a new icon for upgraded jug.</p><p style="text-align:left;"></p><blockquote><em>The</em><p style="text-align:left;">u can try editing the juggernog model in APE and editing its stats( go to the perk.gsc)</p><p style="text-align:left;">im not very good with changing models so im not to sure how easy it is</p></blockquote><p style="text-align:left;">I have been stareing at juggernog gsc and have found the script that&#39;ll increase the health of the player.</p>{% highlight php %}{% raw %}
function init_juggernaut()
{	
	// tweakable variables
	zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "zombie_perk_juggernaut_health",	100 );
	zombie_utility::set_zombie_var( "zombie_perk_juggernaut_health_upgrade",	150 );		
}

{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}
</p>
