# Perk Powerup ???
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: Noah Gamerscore<br />Can anyone help me create a Perk powerup that comes from zombies like regular power ups. if anyone can help me with this then ill give 100% Credit in my maps description. Thanks</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Abnormal202<br /><blockquote><em>Noah Gamerscore</em><br />Can anyone help me create a Perk powerup that comes from zombies like regular power ups. if anyone can help me with this then ill give 100% Credit in my maps description. Thanks</blockquote><br /> Treyarch already has a powerup that give the player a free perk when collecting it (most likely made for the &quot;on the house&quot; gobblegum). All you need to do is edit it so it drops like normal powerups. go to ROOT/raw/scripts/zm/ and open _zm_powerup_free_perk.gsc. Find:<br />{% highlight php %}
&amp;zm_powerups::func_should_never_drop{% endhighlight %}
and replace it with:<br />{% highlight php %}
&amp;zm_powerups::func_should_always_drop{% endhighlight %}
I&#39;m not sure if this works, but it makes sense that it should. Try it out and tell me if it drops free perk powerups like normal.</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Noah Gamerscore<br /><blockquote><em>Abnormal202</em><br />Noah Gamerscore Can anyone help me create a Perk powerup that comes from zombies like regular power ups. if anyone can help me with this then ill give 100% Credit in my maps description. Thanks  Treyarch already has a powerup that give the player a free perk when collecting it (most likely made for the &quot;on the house&quot; gobblegum). All you need to do is edit it so it drops like normal powerups. go to ROOT/raw/scripts/zm/ and open _zm_powerup_free_perk.gsc. Find: &amp;zm_powerups::func_should_never_drop and replace it with: &amp;zm_powerups::func_should_always_drop I&#39;m not sure if this works, but it makes sense that it should. Try it out and tell me if it drops free perk powerups like normal.  </blockquote><br /> ya its not working, I even tried putting #using scripts\zm\_zm_powerup_free_perk; in the powerup section for mapname.gsc and still nothing, I mean it compiled fine, no errors, but no perk power up</p>
