# How to add debug (on/off)
Game Modding | Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 | Scripting

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Thread By: mathfag<br />TUTORIAL<br /> <br />In this 2 part tutorial I&#39;ll show you how to add a debug which you can turn on and off.<br /> <br />Part 1 will be the main part and part 2 will be the optional in game trigger.<br />The code was taken from NSZ&#39;s brutus and slightly modified.<br /> <br /> <br /><strong>PART 1:</strong><br /> <br />As always, initiate the function and add the variable<br />{% highlight php %}
level.SDFMdebug = false;   //replace SDFMdebug with your custom variable,  just remember it for later. MAKE SURE IT&#39;S ABOVE THE FUNCTION INITIATION (level thread SDFM_debug)
level thread SDFM_Debug(); //function initiation{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />The function:<br />{% highlight php %}
function SDFM_Debug( string )  //remember the function name because that&#39;s what you will use instead of IPrintLnBold (choose your own)

{
    if( isDefined(level.SDFMdebug) &amp;&amp; level.SDFMdebug ) //instead of SDFMdebug you can use your own variable from before
        iprintlnbold( "^6Debug:^7 "+string ); //this is what it will print out
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />Now to use this you need to type<br />{% highlight php %}
SDFM_debug("insert text here");  //function name (SDFM_debug){% endhighlight %}
 <br />instead of   <br />{% highlight php %}
IPrintLnBold("text");{% endhighlight %}
and you can turn it on with &quot;true&quot; and off with &quot;false&quot; in the variable that we declared in the beginning (I declared it as off)<br /> <br />You can copy paste this script into other .gsc files but <span style="color:#ff0000;"><strong>DON&#39;T DECLARE THE VARIABLE AGAIN</strong></span> because it already globally turns the function on and off.<br /> <br /> <br /> <br /><strong>PART 2 (optional): </strong><br /> <br />To add an in game trigger go into radiant and add a trigger_use or multiple or whichever you want. I&#39;m using trigger use.<br />I&#39;ll call mine &quot;debug_trig&quot;<br /> <br />Now for the script part:<br /> <br />Init the function<br />{% highlight php %}
level thread ask_debug();{% endhighlight %}
 <br />and the function<br /> <br />{% highlight php %}
function ask_debug(player)
{
    trig = GetEnt("debug_trig", "targetname");
 
    trig SetCursorHint("HINT_NOICON");
 
    while(1)
    {
        if(level.SDFMdebug == false) //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
        {
        trig SetHintString("Press ^3[{+activate}]^7 to enable debug");
        }

        else if(level.SDFMdebug == true)  //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
        {
        trig SetHintString("Press ^3[{+activate}]^7 to disable debug");    
        }


        trig waittill("trigger", player);
        
        if(level.SDFMdebug == false)  //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
            {
            level.SDFMdebug = true;  //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
            IPrintLnBold("Debug enabled");
            }

        else if(level.SDFMdebug == true)  //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
            {
            level.SDFMdebug = false;  //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to
            IPrintLnBold("Debug disabled");
            }

        wait(0.5);  //do not put break; here
        
    }
 
}{% endhighlight %}
 <br /> <br />So that&#39;s pretty much it. Credit to NSZ<br /> <br /> <br />For the people that don&#39;t understand what this does:<br /><iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tAApIvLLrXc" frameborder="0"></iframe></p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: Ahmed02354<br /><blockquote><em>mathfag</em><br />TUTORIAL   In this 2 part tutorial I&#39;ll show you how to add a debug which you can turn on and off.   Part 1 will be the main part and part 2 will be the optional in game trigger. The code was taken from NSZ&#39;s brutus and slightly modified.     PART 1:   As always, initiate the function and add the variable level.SDFMdebug = false; //replace SDFMdebug with your custom variable, just remember it for later. MAKE SURE IT&#39;S ABOVE THE FUNCTION INITIATION (level thread SDFM_debug) level thread SDFM_Debug(); //function initiation     The function: function SDFM_Debug( string ) //remember the function name because that&#39;s what you will use instead of IPrintLnBold (choose your own) { if( isDefined(level.SDFMdebug) &amp;&amp; level.SDFMdebug ) //instead of SDFMdebug you can use your own variable from before iprintlnbold( &quot;^6Debug:^7 &quot;+string ); //this is what it will print out }     Now to use this you need to type SDFM_debug(&quot;insert text here&quot;); //function name (SDFM_debug)   instead of    IPrintLnBold(&quot;text&quot;); and you can turn it on with &quot;true&quot; and off with &quot;false&quot; in the variable that we declared in the beginning (I declared it as off)   You can copy paste this script into other .gsc files but DON&#39;T DECLARE THE VARIABLE AGAIN because it already globally turns the function on and off.       PART 2 (optional):    To add an in game trigger go into radiant and add a trigger_use or multiple or whichever you want. I&#39;m using trigger use. I&#39;ll call mine &quot;debug_trig&quot;   Now for the script part:   Init the function level thread ask_debug();   and the function   function ask_debug(player) { trig = GetEnt(&quot;debug_trig&quot;, &quot;targetname&quot;); trig SetCursorHint(&quot;HINT_NOICON&quot;); while(1) { if(level.SDFMdebug == false) //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to { trig SetHintString(&quot;Press ^3[{+activate}]^7 to enable debug&quot;); } else if(level.SDFMdebug == true) //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to { trig SetHintString(&quot;Press ^3[{+activate}]^7 to disable debug&quot;); } trig waittill(&quot;trigger&quot;, player); if(level.SDFMdebug == false) //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to { level.SDFMdebug = true; //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to IPrintLnBold(&quot;Debug enabled&quot;); } else if(level.SDFMdebug == true) //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to { level.SDFMdebug = false; //level.SDFMdebug is the variable name. Change it if you need to IPrintLnBold(&quot;Debug disabled&quot;); } wait(0.5); //do not put break; here } }     So that&#39;s pretty much it. Credit to NSZ    </blockquote><br /> <br /> <br />what does this do? is this for an easteregg?</p>

---
<strong style="font-size: 1.4em;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;text-decoration-color: #34a7f9;"><span style="color:#34a7f9;">ModmeBot</span></span>:</strong>

<p>Reply By: easyskanka<br />No, this is used for testing purposes</p>
